 
 Terms of Use Effective Date: February 11, 2025 Section 1. Welcome to Kickstarter! This page contains our Terms of Use. When you use Kickstarter, youre agreeing to all the rules below. By using this website (the Site) and any of the services (together with the Site, the Services) offered by Kickstarter, PBC (together with The Creative Independent, LLC, Project Partners, LLC, and their parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, consultants, employees, officers, and directorscollectively, Kickstarter, we, or us), youre agreeing to these legally binding rules (the Terms or Terms of Use). Youre also agreeing to our  Privacy Policy  and  Cookie Policy , and agreeing to follow any other rules on the Site, including our  Community Guidelines  and  rules for starting projects , which are incorporated in these Terms by reference. In addition to the Site, Services means services offered by Kickstarter from time to time including, but not limited to, crowdfunding services and associated services made available to creators. We may update these Terms from time to time as laws, our Services and practices change. We encourage you to review these Terms periodically. If you keep using Kickstarter after a change, we will assume you accept the current version. These Terms may be translated into another language for your convenience; in the event of a conflict between the English version and any translations, the English version shall control. Kickstarter is for your personal, non-commercial use, except as explained in section 4 and section 5 below. Section 2. About Creating an Account You must be 18 years old or over to sign up for a Kickstarter account. Youre responsible for your account and all the activity on it. You can browse Kickstarter without registering for an account. But to use some of Kickstarters functions, youll need to register, which includes choosing  a username and setting a password. When you do that, all of the information you give us has to be accurate and complete. Dont impersonate anyone else or choose names that are offensive or that violate anyones rights. If you dont follow these rules, we may cancel your account. Youre responsible for all the activity on your account, and for keeping your password confidential. If you find out that someone has used your account without your permission, you should report it to  Kickstarter Support . Section 3. Things You Definitely Shouldnt Do This section is a list of things you probably already know you shouldnt dolie, break laws, abuse people, steal data, hack other peoples computers, and so on. Please behave yourself. Dont do this stuff. Millions of people use Kickstarter. We expect all of them to behave responsibly and help keep this a nice place. Whether you are a visitor, creator, collaborator or backer, dont do any of these things on the Site. We reserve the right to take any action we think appropriate if you do so, including suspending or terminating your account Dont break the law.  Dont take any action that infringes or violates other peoples rights, violates the law, or breaches any contract or legal duty you have toward anyone. Dont lie to people.  Dont post information you know is false, misleading, or inaccurate. Dont do anything deceptive or fraudulent. Dont offer prohibited items.  Dont offer any rewards that are illegal, violate any of Kickstarters policies, rules, or guidelines, or violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance, or regulation. Dont victimize anyone.  Dont do anything threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, tortious, obscene, profane, or invasive of another persons privacy. Dont spam.  Dont distribute unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, marketing or promotional material, or any junk mail, spam, or chain letters. Dont run mail lists, listservs, or any kind of auto-responder or spam on or through the Site, including in comments you post to projects you back. Dont harm anyones computer.  Dont distribute software viruses, or anything else (code, films, programs) designed to interfere with the proper function of any software, hardware, or equipment on the Site (whether it belongs to Kickstarter or another party). Dont abuse other users personal information.  When you use Kickstarter  and especially if your project is successfully funded  you may receive information about other users including backers of your project, such as their names, email addresses, and postal addresses, either from Kickstarter or from them directly. This information is provided for the sole purpose of participating in a Kickstarter project: dont use it for other purposes, and dont abuse it. If you share this information with authorized collaborators, you are responsible for ensuring they understand and adhere to the restrictions and conditions imposed in these Terms including the Privacy Policy. We also need to make sure that the Site is secure and our systems function properly. So dont do any of these thingsmost of which boil down to dont mess with our system. Dont try to interfere with the proper workings of the Services. Dont bypass any measures weve put in place to secure the Services. Dont try to damage or get unauthorized access to any system, data, password, or other information, whether it belongs to Kickstarter or another party. Dont take any action that imposes an unreasonable load on our infrastructure, or on our third-party providers. (We reserve the right to determine whats reasonable.) Dont use any kind of software or device (whether its manual or automated) to crawl or spider any part of the Site. Dont take apart or reverse engineer any aspect of Kickstarter in an effort to access things like source code, underlying ideas, or algorithms. Section 4. How Crowdfunding Projects Work Most of our Terms of Use explain your relationship with Kickstarter. This section is differentit explains the relationship  between creators and backers  of Kickstarter projects, and whos responsible for what. This is what youre agreeing to when you create or back a Kickstarter project. Kickstarter provides a funding platform for creative projects that have yet to come to life. When a creator posts a project on Kickstarter, theyre inviting other people to form a contract with them. Anyone who backs a project is accepting the creators offer, and forming that contract. Kickstarter is not a part of this contractthe contract is a direct agreement between creators and their backers.  To the extent these Terms conflict with any supplemental or additional terms that are applied by a creator to their project, these Terms prevail. Here are the terms that govern the agreement between a creator and their backers: 1. During a campaign, and especially when a project is successfully funded, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers agree and acknowledge theyre not buying something when they back a projecttheyre helping to create something new, not ordering something that already exists. Every project is different. There may be changes or delays, and theres a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project, which is not guaranteed. 2. A backer is not entitled to a reward simply because the campaign has funded. Once a creator has obtained the funds to attempt the project, the creator enters a production period in which the project is developed and is ideally successfully created. As such, confirmation of a backers collected pledge operates as a  conditional, multipurpose voucher . This voucher becomes redeemable if (a) the production period is successful; and (b) the backer proactively redeems this voucher for a reward, including by providing necessary information for the creator (either on their own or with the help of a pledge management platform) to determine and charge what shipping, sales or value-added tax (if any) is due in exchange for the redemption of the voucher. It is the responsibility of the backer to provide their information to the creator in a timely and correct manner in order to receive a reward. Once the foregoing conditions are met, the multipurpose voucher may be applied to the reward for which the backer originally pledged, an alternate reward of equivalent value, or as partial payment toward a reward of a higher value as may be offered by the creator and accepted by the backer. 3. If a creator is unable to complete their project and redeem issued multipurpose vouchers for rewards, they must make a  reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion under the circumstances, in a timeframe thats communicated to backers; theyre able to demonstrate that theyve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; theyve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. 4. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling their project and redeeming any multipurpose vouchers they issue for any applicable rewards. If theyre unable to satisfy these terms, they may be subject to legal action by backers. Kickstarter reserves the right to take any action it deems appropriate with respect to campaign funds while a dispute is pending. Section 5. How Funding Works This section goes over the details of backing and creating projectsthings like how money gets collected, whether pledges can be changed or canceled, and how creators can contact backers to provide rewards. These are the terms that apply when you  back a project during a live campaign  before the funding deadline: Youre only charged if the project reaches its fundraising goal.  Youll provide your payment information when you pledge, but you wont be charged. Your payment will only be collected if, at the time of the projects funding deadline, the project has reached its fundraising goal. The amount you pledged is the amount Kickstarter will collect. If the campaign doesnt reach its fundraising goal, you wont be charged, no funds will be collected, and no money will change hands. In some cases well reserve the charge on your card.  Kickstarter and its payment processors may authorize or reserve a charge on your credit card (or whatever payment method you use) for any amount up to the full amount of the pledge, at any time between the date you make a pledge and the collection of funds. Subject to certain exceptions, you can change or cancel your pledge at any time before the projects funding deadline.  After you pledge to a campaign, you can increase, decrease, or cancel your pledge while the campaign is live, except in the following scenarios. During the last 24 hours of a campaign, you cant decrease or cancel your pledge without contacting Kickstarter customer support first if doing so would drop the project below its funding goal. If you elect to pledge over time, as further described below, you will not be able to increase or decrease your pledge; however, you may cancel your pledge at any time before the campaign deadline. Once the project has been funded, you can only cancel or change your pledge by making special arrangements directly with the creator. Kickstarter is not responsible for cancellations or refunds. These are the terms that apply when you opt to back a project using  pledge over time . Pledge over time is available if the pledge meets certain criteria.  Creators can opt in to offer pledge over time to their backers where a pledge total meets or exceeds 125 USD or the equivalent value in other supported currencies. If the creator has opted in to pledge over time, a backer will see the option to select pledge over time or select to pledge in full on the checkout page. Your payment method will be charged four times.  The first charge will occur after the campaign ends, and the final three charges will occur every two weeks thereafter until the pledge amount has been successfully collected. In the event one or more charges fail, Kickstarter will reach out to you to fix your payment.  If you do not update your payment method, any amount collected may be considered bonus support. These are the terms that apply when you  back a project by making a late pledge  after the live campaign has successfully ended: You are charged at the time of pledge .    When you make a late pledge, your card will be charged immediately.   You cannot cancel or change your pledge.  You may, however, request a refund from the creator. Kickstarter is not responsible for cancellations or refunds. These are the terms that apply  to all pledges , whether made during the live campaign or as a late pledge: The estimated fulfillment date is the creators  estimate.  If the creator has offered rewards, any month and year given for each reward is only the creators estimate and not a guarantee they will fulfill by that time. The schedule may change as the creator works on the project. We ask creators to plan carefully, set estimated delivery dates they feel confident they can work toward, and communicate with backers about any changes. The creator may need to send you questions about any reward you have selected.   The creator might need information from you, like your mailing address or t-shirt size. Theyll request that information after the campaign has successfully funded or, if you have made a late pledge, after you have made your late pledge. To redeem a multipurpose voucher for any reward, youll need to provide the information in a reasonable amount of time. Creators should  not  ask for personal information that is not necessary to provide your reward, and should  never  request sensitive personal information such as your Social Security number or payment information. Contact us at  Kickstarter Support  if you receive a request for information that seems inappropriate or excessive. Kickstarter doesnt offer refunds.  Responsibility for finishing a project and redeeming multipurpose vouchers lies entirely with the project creator. Kickstarter doesnt hold funds on creators behalf, cannot and does not guarantee creators work, and does not offer refunds. These are the terms that apply when youre  creating and running a project: You can refund individual pledges if you want.  After your project has been funded, you can cancel and refund a backers collected pledge at any time. If you fully refund a backers pledge, you have no further obligation to that specific backer, and the agreement between you and the backer is terminated. Well charge our fees before sending funds to your bank account.  Kickstarter and its payment processors will deduct applicable fees before transmitting the proceeds of a campaign. Some pledges cant be collected, which might reduce the amount of funding you get.  Because some payments cant be collectedfor instance, when a backers credit card expires before a campaign ends and updated information isnt providedthe amount of funding you receive may not be equal to the full amount pledged (less fees). We'll try to help resolve payment disputes.  If a backer of your project disputes the charge with their issuer, we will re-present the charge to settle the dispute with the issuer. Youll be notified that a dispute has been filed, and you may be asked to provide evidence to help us resolve it in your favor. If the dispute is found valid, you are responsible for the amount of the chargeback, and authorize us to charge the credit card you provided to us for such purposes when you started your project for the amount of the dispute. Prepare for potential delays.  Dont assume youll be able to launch your project when you want; there could be a reason were not able to approve it immediately upon submission, or a problem may arise that takes time to resolve. Dont assume youll be able to immediately collect your funding; there may be a delay between the end of a successful campaign and your access to the funds. Dont take any actions in reliance on collecting any of the money pledged by a certain time. We encourage you to wait until you actually have the ability to withdraw it from your account and spend it. Late pledges.  Our late pledges feature allows creators to continue to collect pledges from new backers and issue multipurpose vouchers after their crowdfunding campaign has ended, but only up until the time when they are first ready to fulfill the rewards they have offered. Creators must enable the late pledge feature, and may do so prior to and during their live campaign. Late pledge functionally cannot be enabled after a live campaign has ended. If you have enrolled to use this feature and the feature is enabled, then the following additional terms apply: You may not offer the same reward tiers that were available during the live campaign at a lower pledge amount than offered during the live campaign. Those reward tiers must be offered at the same or a higher pledge amount. You may only accept late pledges up until the time you are first ready to fulfill the rewards you have offered. You are responsible for disabling late pledge functionality, which you may do so by de-activating late pledge functionality in project build. While Kickstarter may provide you with reminders, including through periodic emails, when you download your backer report or when you send a backer survey, you are responsible for ensuring late pledge functionality is disabled, or notifying Kickstarter promptly to disable it for you when you are first ready to fulfill rewards. Once processed, late pledges will be paid out to creators periodically, the exact timing of which may vary depending on factors such as processing times and reaching any reasonable minimum threshold payout amount established by Kickstarter. Late pledges are subject to the same fees charged by Kickstarter on live campaign pledges, and incur the same payment processing fees. Pledge over time.  For payments made via pledge over time, the first payment will be issued within twenty-four (24) hours of your regular campaign payout. The remaining three payments will be combined and paid out to you as a lump once all payments have successfully settled. Section 6. Stuff We Dont Do and Arent Responsible For We dont oversee projects performance, and we dont mediate disputes between users. Kickstarter isnt liable for any damages or losses related to your use of the Services. We dont become involved in disputes between users, or between users and any third party relating to the use of the Services. We dont oversee the performance or punctuality of projects, and we dont endorse any content users submit to the Site. When you use the Services, you release Kickstarter from claims, damages, and demands of every kindknown or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosedarising out of or in any way related to such disputes and the Services. All content you access through the Services is at your own risk. Youre solely responsible for any resulting damage or loss to any party. Section 7. Our Fees We currently charge a 5% platform fee on amounts raised by successfully funded projects and on late pledges, in addition to standard fees to cover costs charged to us by our payment processors. Creating an account on Kickstarter is free. If you create a project that reaches its funding goal, Kickstarter collects a 5% platform fee and our payment processor collects a standard processing fee from each collected pledge. This applies to late pledges as well. With regard to pledge over time, fees are applied per charge. Our payment processor fees  may vary slightly  based on your location. If we change our fees, well announce that on our Site.    Funds pledged by backers are collected by payment processors. Each payment processor is its own independent company, and Kickstarter isnt responsible for their actions. Our current payment processor is Stripe. You are responsible for paying any additional fees and all local, state, federal or other taxes and assessments associated with your use of Kickstarter. For example, creators are solely responsible for collecting and/or remitting any applicable taxes for amounts received in connection with their fundraising campaigns and projects. Section 8. Other Websites If you follow a link to another website, what happens there is between you and themnot us. Kickstarter may contain links to other websites. (For instance, project pages, user profiles, and comments may link to other sites.) When you access third-party websites, you do so at your own risk. We dont control or endorse those sites. Kickstarter partners with other companies (such as  Stripe ) for payment processing. When you back or create a project, youre also agreeing to the payment processors terms of service. Section 9. Your Intellectual Property We don't own the content you post on Kickstarter, but you do grant us permission to use or copy it however we may need or deem appropriate. We generally use it to promote projects and showcase our community. Ultimately, you're responsible for the content you post, and you're promising us that it's ok to use. Kickstarter doesnt own content you submit to us including for posting on your project page (your Content). But we do need certain licenses from you in order to perform our Services. When you submit a project for review, launch a project, or otherwise submit Content to us via email or any other means, you agree to these terms: We can use the Content youve submitted.  You grant to us, and others acting on our behalf, a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable right to use, reproduce, make derivative works, publicly display, publicly perform, distribute, disseminate, communicate, commercialize, and exploit the copyright, publicity, trademark, and database rights with respect to your Content. In general, we use this Content to promote projects and showcase our community on the website, including through application of a Project We Love and other similar badges. There are many factors that we take into consideration before featuring a project on the homepage or giving it a Project We Love badge. This includes, but is not limited to, a crisp project image with no logos, badges, or text on top, a clear and detailed description that includes a thorough plan for completing your project, captivating images or videos, an excited community, what we think different users will be interested in, and of course, a lot of creativity. In addition to giving some projects a Project We Love badge, we also carefully curate the homepage to highlight great examples of Kickstarter projects. The projects at the very top of the homepage typically are best-of-the-best Projects We Lovebased on factors such as creative innovation,  honesty , and alignment with  Kickstarters mission and charter  but we also use algorithms to surface popular projects, projects your friends have backed and launched, and projects recommended just for you. We may also recommend projects that are gaining traction as a result of their creators own advertising, and/or on the basis of a users prior search terms, browsing history, project backings and other interactions, and  cookies we have collected  during their visits to our website. Kickstarter reserves the right to apply and remove all such badges, and to start and cease all such promotions, in its sole discretion. When we use the Content, we can make changes, like editing or translating it.  You grant us the right to make derivative works of your Content. This may include edits, modifications, reformatting, excerpting, or translating any of your Content. You wont submit stuff you dont hold the copyright for (unless you have permission to grant us these rights in turn).  Your Content must not contain third-party copyrighted material, or material that is subject to other third-party proprietary rights, unless you have permission from the rightful owner of the material and can pass those permissions along to us, or you are otherwise legally entitled to post the material (and to grant Kickstarter all the license rights outlined here). Any royalties or licensing fees owed by you to third parties are solely your responsibility.  You will pay all royalties and other amounts owed to any person or entity  associated with your Content, or that may be due as a result of posting that Content on Kickstarter. You promise that if we use your Content, were not violating anyones rights or copyrights.  If Kickstarter or its users exploit or make use of your submission in the ways contemplated in these Terms you promise that this will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party, including (without limitation) any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights. Youre responsible for the stuff you post.  All information submitted to the Site, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is solely your responsibility. Were not responsible for mistakes in your Content.  Kickstarter is not liable for any errors or omissions in any Content. Section 10. Kickstarters Intellectual Property The content on Kickstarter is protected in various ways. You may use it for certain personal non commercial purposes only. You must ask us for permission before using it for any commercial purpose or advantage. Kickstarters Services are legally protected in various ways, including copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets, and other rights and laws. You agree to respect all copyright and other legal notices, information, and restrictions contained in any content accessed through the Site. You also agree not to change, translate, or otherwise create derivative works of the Service. Kickstarter grants you a non exclusive , worldwide, non sublicensable , non transferable , revocable license to reproduce content from the Services for personal non commercial use only. This license covers both Kickstarters own protected content and user-generated content on the Site. If you want to do anything else with content on our Site, such as use it for commercial advantage or for a commercial purpose, you need prior written permission from Kickstarter or the relevant copyright holder. A commercial purpose means any use, sale, license, rent, or other exploitive or commercial use. Section 11. How We Deal with Copyright Issues We comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. To learn more about how we deal with claims of copyright infringement, read our  Copyright Policy . Kickstarter has adopted a general policy regarding copyright in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the DMCA). Kickstarter complies with the DMCA, and we respond to notices of alleged infringement if they comply with the law and the requirements set forth in our Copyright Policy. We reserve the right to delete or disable content alleged to be infringing, and to terminate accounts for repeat infringers. (We do this when appropriate and at our sole discretion.) If youd like to submit a claim of copyright infringement, please visit our  Copyright Policy  where you can find contact information for our designated agent and additional information about how to submit a notice or counter-notice. Section 12. Deleting Your Account You can delete your account at any time, but doing so may not automatically remove all content. You can delete your account at any time through your account settings. As permitted by law, we may retain certain information such as information necessary for our legitimate business purposes. These Terms remain in effect as to your prior and any ongoing use of our Site and Services by you, including our rights regarding any Content youve already submitted to the Site. For instance, if youve launched a project, deleting your account will not automatically remove the project from the Site. Similarly, if you successfully ran a campaign that funded on our Site, deleting your account will not delete, remove or hide your project because, among other things, of the agreement you have with backers. You can contact us at  Kickstarter Support  for additional information or if you believe special circumstances warrant removal of your project page. For more information about account deletions and what it involves, visit our  Privacy Policy.  Section 13. Our Rights To operate, we need to be able to maintain control over what happens on our Site We reserve the right to make decisions and to take any action we believe necessary or appropriate to protect the health and integrity of our system. We dont exercise these powers lightly, and we only use them when necessary. To protect the health and integrity of our system and to help ensure that creators and backers enjoy a safe and secure environment, Kickstarter reserves these rights: We can make changes to the Kickstarter Site and Services without notice or liability at any time. We have the right to decide whos eligible to use Kickstarter. We may in limited circumstances impose restrictions or limitations on accounts. For particularly significant or repeated violations of our Terms or any other rules on the Site, like our  Community Guidelines  and  rules for starting projects , we may cancel accounts or decline to offer our Services. (Especially if youre abusing them.) We can change our eligibility criteria at any time. If our Services are prohibited by law where you live, then you may not use our Site or our Services, and our Site and Services are not available and may not be used by you. We have the right to cancel any pledge to any project, at any time and for any reason. We have the right to reject, cancel, interrupt, remove, or suspend any project, at any time and for any reason. We have the right to cause funds to be withheld to comply with laws and regulations. We have the right to force refunds of amounts collected by our payment processor prior to payout if we deem it necessary, appropriate or desirable in order to resolve any dispute that may arise between a creator and any third party related to the creators use of our Site or Services. We have the right to verify your identity and investigate your account details at any time. You agree to cooperate promptly with our verification requests and investigations, including by engaging with us through any reasonable means (such as live video sessions) and providing us with additional information as we may request, for the legitimate purposes of protecting the integrity of our platform and preventing fraud or other wrongful conduct. If you refuse to cooperate, we may cancel your project and/or your account, suspend payout of campaign funding until we are satisfied or force refunds, or take any other action we deem appropriate in our sole discretion. Kickstarter is not liable for any damages as a result of any of these actions. It is our general policy not to comment publicly on the underlying reasons or the details of any such action. However, if we take any action in reliance on these rights, we will let the account holder know the reasons for this action and whether, if at all, they can remedy any issues except if were prohibited from doing so by law or in the interest of safety. For account cancellations, we will attempt to let the account holder know the reasons for this action in advance unless were canceling for reasons related to illicit or inappropriate content, the safety of a good or service, counterfeiting, fraud, malware, spam, data breaches, other cybersecurity risks, or the suitability of a good or service. Section 14. Warranty Disclaimer We work hard to provide you with great services, but we cant guarantee everything will always work perfectly. This Site and the Services are  presented and provided as-is, without warranties. You use our Site and Services solely at your own risk. They are provided to you as is and as available and  without warranty of any kind  , express or implied. KICKSTARTER SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY ANY COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION (ORAL OR WRITTEN) OBTAINED BY YOU FROM KICKSTARTER SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY. Section 15. Indemnification If you do something on Kickstarter that winds up getting us involved in a dispute or sued, you have to help defend us. If you do anything that results in our involvement in a dispute or threatened with legal action or sued , or break any of the promises you make in these Terms, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us harmless from all liabilities, claims, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and other legal costs) that arise from or relate to your use or misuse of our Site or Services. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to this indemnification clause, in which case you agree that youll cooperate and help us in asserting any defenses. As part of this, by accepting these Terms of Use, you consent to service of process for any action that could be brought against Kickstarter, for any reason. Section 16. Limitation of Liability If something bad happens as a result of your use of our Site or Services, were not liable (beyond a small amount). To the fullest extent permitted by law, in no event will Kickstarter, its directors, employees, partners, suppliers, or content providers be liable for any indirect, incidental, punitive, consequential, special, or exemplary damages of any kind, including but not limited to damages ( i ) resulting from your access to, use of, or inability to access or use the Site or Services; (ii) for any lost profits, data loss, or cost of procurement or substitute goods or services; or (iii) for any conduct of content of any third party on the Site. In no event shall Kickstarters liability for direct damages be in excess of (in the aggregate) one hundred U.S. dollars ($100.00). Section 17. Dispute Resolution and Governing Law Were located in New York, and any disputes with us have to be handled in New York under New York State law. We at Kickstarter encourage you to contact us if youre having an issue before resorting to the courts. Our Kickstarter support team is on hand and ready to answer your questions. You can visit our  Help Center  to find articles with information that may resolve your issue. If you still have questions, you can click  Contact us  in the Help Center so that one of our support team agents can personally reply to you and attempt to resolve your issue. These resources are easily accessible and free. If youre a creator based in the European Union and, after contacting us through those channels, you still dont feel as if your issue has been resolved, we may agree with you to engage in mediation to resolve any complaints in good faith. You may address your complaint with one of these two mediation organizations: The Centre for Effective Dispute Resolution (CEDR) IPOS Mediation In the unfortunate situation where legal action does arise, these Terms (and all other rules, policies, or guidelines incorporated by reference) will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and the United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law, and without application of the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act or the United Nations Convention of Controls for International Sale of Goods. You agree that Kickstarter and its Services are deemed a passive website that does not give rise to jurisdiction over Kickstarter or its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, assigns, employees, agents, directors, officers, or shareholders, either specific or general, in any jurisdiction other than the State of New York. You agree that if you wish to file, commence, or prosecute any claim, action, lawsuit or proceeding of any kind, at law or in equity, arising out of or relating to these Terms or your use or non-use of Kickstarter, you will do so only in a state or federal court located in New York County in the State of New York, and will not file, commence, or prosecute any such claim, action, lawsuit, or proceeding in any other forum. You hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of these courts for the purposes of litigating any such claim, action, lawsuit, or proceeding. You hereby irrevocably waive any right you may have to trial by jury in any dispute, action, or proceeding. Section 18. The Rest These are our official terms and our rules for how things work. You can verify any confusing or conflicting information you see elsewhere by referencing what weve explained on this page. These Terms and the other material referenced in them are the entire agreement between you and Kickstarter with respect to the Site and Services. They supersede all other communications and proposals (whether oral, written, or electronic) between you and Kickstarter with respect to the Site and Services and govern our future relationship. If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid under the law, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Terms otherwise will remain in full force and effect and enforceable. The failure of either you or Kickstarter to exercise any right provided for in these Terms in any way wont be deemed a waiver of any other rights. These Terms are personal to you. You cant assign them, transfer them, or sublicense them unless you get Kickstarters prior written consent. Kickstarter has the right to assign, transfer, or delegate any of its rights and obligations under these Terms without your consent. Kickstarter will provide you notice via email, written notice, or by conspicuously posting the notice on our Site. FIN Kickstarter Terms of Use Updates These updated terms went into effect on April 15, 2024 at 12 am Eastern Time, and apply to all users of the Site or our Services project on or after that date. We want to be as transparent as possible about the changes we make to our Terms of Use. In this archive, you can see versions of our Terms of Use from 2012 to the present.  Our most recent  Terms of Use  and a  comparison to the previous version . August 2020 Terms of Use archive  ( changes introduced ) May 2018 Terms of Use archive  ( changes introduced ) September 2014 Terms of Use archive October 2012 Terms of Use archive 