 
 Terms of Use 1. Welcome to Kickstarter! This page explains our terms of use. When you use Kickstarter, youre agreeing to all the rules on this page. Some of them need to be expressed in legal language, but weve done our best to offer you clear and simple explanations of what everything means  hence the brief summaries in these blue boxes. The summaries, for the record, are not part of the official legal terms. Welcome to Kickstarter. By using this website (the Site) and services (together with the Site, the Services) offered by Kickstarter, PBC (together with its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, consultants, employees, officers, and directors  collectively, Kickstarter, we, or us), youre agreeing to these legally binding rules (the Terms). Youre also agreeing to our Privacy Policy and agreeing to follow any other rules on the Site, like our Community Guidelines and rules for starting projects . We may change these terms from time to time. If we do, well let you know about any material changes, either by notifying you on the Site or by sending you an email. New versions of the terms will never apply retroactively  well tell you the exact date they go into effect. If you keep using Kickstarter after a change, that means you accept the new terms. Kickstarter is for your personal, non-commercial use, except as explained in section 4 and section 5 below. 2. About Creating an Account To sign up for a Kickstarter account, you need to be 18 or over. Youre responsible for your account and all the activity on it. You can browse Kickstarter without registering for an account. But to use some of Kickstarters functions, youll need to register, choose an account name, and set a password. When you do that, the information you give us has to be accurate and complete. Dont impersonate anyone else or choose names that are offensive or that violate anyones rights. If you dont follow these rules, we may cancel your account. Youre responsible for all the activity on your account, and for keeping your password confidential. If you find out that someones used your account without your permission, you should report it to support@kickstarter.com . To sign up for an account, you need to be at least 18 years old, or old enough to form a binding contract where you live. If necessary, we may ask you for proof of age. 3. Things You Definitely Shouldnt Do This section is a list of things you probably already know you shouldnt do  lie, break laws, abuse people, steal data, hack other peoples computers, and so on. Please behave yourself. Dont do this stuff. Millions of people use Kickstarter. We expect all of them to behave responsibly and help keep this a nice place. Dont do any of these things on the Site: Dont break the law. Dont take any action that infringes or violates other peoples rights, violates the law, or breaches any contract or legal duty you have toward anyone. Dont lie to people. Dont post information you know is false, misleading, or inaccurate. Dont do anything deceptive or fraudulent. Dont offer prohibited items. Dont offer any rewards that are illegal, violate any of Kickstarters policies, rules, or guidelines, or violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance, or regulation. Dont victimize anyone. Dont do anything threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, tortious, obscene, profane, or invasive of another persons privacy. Dont spam. Dont distribute unsolicited or unauthorized advertising or promotional material, or any junk mail, spam, or chain letters. Dont run mail lists, listservs, or any kind of auto-responder or spam on or through the Site. Dont harm anyones computer. Dont distribute software viruses, or anything else (code, films, programs) designed to interfere with the proper function of any software, hardware, or equipment on the Site (whether it belongs to Kickstarter or another party). Dont abuse other users personal information. When you use Kickstarter  and especially if you create a successful project  you may receive information about other users, including things like their names, email addresses, and postal addresses. This information is provided for the purpose of participating in a Kickstarter project: dont use it for other purposes, and dont abuse it. We also need to make sure that the Site is secure and our systems function properly. So dont do any of these things  most of which boil down to dont mess with our system. Dont try to interfere with the proper workings of the Services. Dont bypass any measures weve put in place to secure the Services. Dont try to damage or get unauthorized access to any system, data, password, or other information, whether it belongs to Kickstarter or another party. Dont take any action that imposes an unreasonable load on our infrastructure, or on our third-party providers. (We reserve the right to determine whats reasonable.) Dont use any kind of software or device (whether its manual or automated) to crawl or spider any part of the Site. Dont take apart or reverse engineer any aspect of Kickstarter in an effort to access things like source code, underlying ideas, or algorithms. 4. How Projects Work Most of our Terms of Use explain your relationship with Kickstarter. This section is different  it explains the relationship between creators and backers of Kickstarter projects, and whos responsible for what. This is what youre agreeing to when you create or back a Kickstarter project. Kickstarter provides a funding platform for creative projects. When a creator posts a project on Kickstarter, theyre inviting other people to form a contract with them. Anyone who backs a project is accepting the creators offer, and forming that contract. Kickstarter is not a part of this contract  the contract is a direct legal agreement between creators and their backers. Here are the terms that govern that agreement: When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward . Once a creator has done so, theyve satisfied their obligation to their backers. Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, theyre helping to create something new  not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and theres a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, theyve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe thats communicated to backers; theyre able to demonstrate that theyve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; theyve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If theyre unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. 5. How Funding Works This section goes over the details of backing and creating projects  things like how money gets collected, whether pledges can be changed or canceled, and how creators can contact backers to provide rewards. These are the terms that apply when youre backing a project : Youre only charged if the project reaches its fundraising goal. Youll provide your payment information when you pledge, but you wont be charged. Your payment will only be collected if, at the time of the projects funding deadline, the project has reached its fundraising goal. The exact amount you pledged is the amount Kickstarter will collect. If the campaign hasnt reached its fundraising goal, you wont be charged, no funds will be collected, and no money will change hands. In some cases well reserve the charge on your card. Kickstarter and its payment partners may authorize or reserve a charge on your credit card (or whatever payment method you use) for any amount up to the full pledge, at any time between the pledge and the collection of funds. You can change or cancel your pledge at any time before the projects funding deadline (with one exception). You can increase, decrease, or cancel your pledge at any time during the campaign, with one exception. During the last 24 hours of the campaign, you cant decrease or cancel your pledge without contacting customer support first  if that action would drop the project below its funding goal. Once the project has been funded, you can only cancel or change your pledge by making special arrangements directly with the creator. The Estimated Delivery Date is the creators estimate. The date listed on each reward is the creators estimate of when they will provide the reward  not a guarantee to fulfill by that date. The schedule may change as the creator works on the project. We ask creators to think carefully, set a date they feel confident they can work toward, and communicate with backers about any changes. The creator may need to send you questions about your reward. To deliver rewards, the creator might need information from you, like your mailing address or t-shirt size. Theyll request that information after the campaign has succeeded. To receive the reward, youll need to provide the information in a reasonable amount of time. Kickstarter doesnt offer refunds. Responsibility for finishing a project lies entirely with the project creator. Kickstarter doesnt hold funds on creators behalf, cannot guarantee creators work, and does not offer refunds. These are the terms that apply when youre creating a project: You can refund individual pledges if you want. After your project has been funded, you can cancel and refund a backers pledge at any time. If you do, you have no further obligation to that specific backer, and no agreement exists between you. Well charge our fees before putting funds in your account. Kickstarter and its payment partners will subtract fees before transmitting the proceeds of a campaign. Some pledges cant be collected, which might reduce the amount of funding you get. Because some payments cant be collected  for instance, when a backers credit card expires before funding ends, and they dont provide updated information  we cant guarantee that the amount of funding you receive will be exactly equal to the full amount pledged minus fees. We'll help resolve payment-card disputes. If a backer of your project disputes the charge with their card issuer, we'll handle re-presenting the charge to settle the dispute with the card issuer. Youll be notified that a dispute has been filed, and youll be able to provide evidence to help us resolve it in your favor. If the cardholders dispute is found valid, you authorize us to charge the credit card number you provided when you started your project for the amount of the chargeback. Dont count your chickens before they hatch. Dont assume youll be able to launch your project when you want; there could be a reason were not able to accept it, or a problem that takes time to resolve. Dont assume youll be able to immediately collect your funding; there may be a delay between the end of a successful campaign and your access to the funds. And dont take any actions in reliance on collecting any of the money pledged until you actually have the ability to withdraw it from your account and spend it. 6. Stuff We Dont Do and Arent Responsible For We dont oversee projects performance, and we dont mediate disputes between users. Kickstarter isnt liable for any damages or losses related to your use of the Services. We dont become involved in disputes between users, or between users and any third party relating to the use of the Services. We dont oversee the performance or punctuality of projects, and we dont endorse any content users submit to the Site. When you use the Services, you release Kickstarter from claims, damages, and demands of every kind  known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed  arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and the Services. All content you access through the Services is at your own risk. Youre solely responsible for any resulting damage or loss to any party. 7. Our Fees Fees are only charged on successfully funded projects. We charge 5%, in addition to any fees from our payments partners. Creating an account on Kickstarter is free. If you create a project that is successfully funded, we (and our payment partners) collect fees. Our partners fees may vary slightly based on your location. We will not collect any fees without giving you a chance to review and accept them. If our fees ever change, well announce that on our Site. Some funds pledged by backers are collected by payment providers. Each payment provider is its own company, and Kickstarter isnt responsible for its performance. Youre responsible for paying any additional fees or taxes associated with your use of Kickstarter. 8. Other Websites If you follow a link to another website, what happens there is between you and them  not us. Kickstarter may contain links to other websites. (For instance, project pages, user profiles, and comments may link to other sites.) When you access third-party websites, you do so at your own risk. We dont control or endorse those sites. Kickstarter partners with other companies (such as Amazon Payments and Stripe ) for payment processing. When you back or create a project, youre also agreeing to the payment processors terms of service. 9. Your Intellectual Property We dont own the stuff you post on Kickstarter. But when you post it, youre giving us permission to use or copy it however we need in order to run the site, or show people whats happening on it. (We generally just use this to promote projects and showcase our community on the website.) Youre responsible for the content you post, and youre vouching to us that its all okay to use. Kickstarter doesnt own content you submit to us (your Content). But we do need certain licenses from you in order to perform our Services. When you submit a project for review, or launch a project, you agree to these terms: We can use the content youve submitted. You grant to us, and others acting on our behalf, the worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable right to use, exercise, commercialize, and exploit the copyright, publicity, trademark, and database rights with respect to your Content. When we use the content, we can make changes, like editing or translating it. You grant us the right to edit, modify, reformat, excerpt, delete, or translate any of your Content. You wont submit stuff you dont hold the copyright for (unless you have permission). Your Content will not contain third-party copyrighted material, or material that is subject to other third-party proprietary rights, unless you have permission from the rightful owner of the material, or you are otherwise legally entitled to post the material (and to grant Kickstarter all the license rights outlined here). Any royalties or licensing on your Content are your responsibility. You will pay all royalties and other amounts owed to any person or entity based on your Content, or on Kickstarters hosting of that Content. You promise that if we use your Content, were not violating anyones rights or copyrights. If Kickstarter or its users exploit or make use of your submission in the ways contemplated in this agreement, you promise that this will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party, including (without limitation) any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights. Youre responsible for the stuff you post. All information submitted to the Site, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person from whom that content originated. Were not responsible for mistakes in your content. Kickstarter will not be liable for any errors or omissions in any content. 10. Kickstarters Intellectual Property The content on Kickstarter is protected in various ways. You do have the right to use it for certain personal purposes, but you cant use it for anything commercial without getting permission first. Kickstarters Services are legally protected in various ways, including copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets, and other rights and laws. You agree to respect all copyright and other legal notices, information, and restrictions contained in any content accessed through the Site. You also agree not to change, translate, or otherwise create derivative works of the Service. Kickstarter grants you a license to reproduce content from the Services for personal use only. This license covers both Kickstarters own protected content and user-generated content on the Site. (This license is worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, and non-transferable.) If you want to use, reproduce, modify, distribute, or store any of this content for a commercial purpose, you need prior written permission from Kickstarter or the relevant copyright holder. A commercial purpose means you intend to use, sell, license, rent, or otherwise exploit content for commercial use, in any way. 11. How We Deal with Copyright Issues We comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. To learn more about how we deal with claims of copyright infringement, read our Copyright Policy . The Digital Millennium Copyright Act lays out a system of legal requirements for dealing with allegations of copyright infringement. Kickstarter complies with the DMCA, and we respond to notices of alleged infringement if they comply with the law and the requirements set forth in our Copyright Policy. We reserve the right to delete or disable content alleged to be infringing, and to terminate accounts for repeat infringers. (We do this when appropriate and at our sole discretion.) If youd like to submit a claim of copyright infringement, please visit our Copyright Policy . Our designated agent for notice of alleged copyright infringement is: Kickstarter, PBC Attn: Copyright Agent 228 Park Ave S PMB 59430 New York, New York 10003-1502 US copyright@kickstarter.com 12. Deleting Your Account You can delete your account at any time. Deleting your account wont make content youve already posted go away. You can terminate your account at any time. All provisions of this agreement survive termination of an account, including our rights regarding any content youve already submitted to the Site. (For instance, if youve launched a project, deleting your account will not remove the project from the Site.) 13. Our Rights To operate, we need to be able to maintain control over what happens on our website. So in this section, we reserve the right to make decisions to protect the health and integrity of our system. We dont take these powers lightly, and we only use them when we absolutely have to. Kickstarter reserves these rights: We can make changes to the Kickstarter Site and Services without notice or liability. We have the right to decide whos eligible to use Kickstarter. We can cancel accounts or decline to offer our Services. (Especially if youre abusing them.) We can change our eligibility criteria at any time. If these things are prohibited by law where you live, then we revoke your right to use Kickstarter in that jurisdiction. We have the right to cancel any pledge to any project, at any time and for any reason. We have the right to reject, cancel, interrupt, remove, or suspend any project at any time and for any reason. Kickstarter is not liable for any damages as a result of any of these actions, and it is our policy not to comment on the reasons for any such action. 14. Warranty Disclaimer We work hard to provide you with great services, but we cant guarantee everything will always work perfectly. This site is presented as-is, without warranties. You use our Services solely at your own risk. They are provided to you as is and as available and without warranty of any kind , express or implied. KICKSTARTER SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY ANY COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION (ORAL OR WRITTEN) OBTAINED BY YOU FROM KICKSTARTER SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY. 15. Indemnification If you do something on Kickstarter that winds up getting us sued, you have to help defend us. If you do something that gets us sued, or break any of the promises you make in this agreement, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us harmless from all liabilities, claims, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and other legal costs) that arise from or relate to your use or misuse of Kickstarter. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to this indemnification clause, in which case you agree that youll cooperate and help us in asserting any defenses. 16. Limitation of Liability If something bad happens as a result of your using Kickstarter, were not liable (beyond a small amount). To the fullest extent permitted by law, in no event will Kickstarter, its directors, employees, partners, suppliers, or content providers be liable for any indirect, incidental, punitive, consequential, special, or exemplary damages of any kind, including but not limited to damages (i) resulting from your access to, use of, or inability to access or use the Services; (ii) for any lost profits, data loss, or cost of procurement or substitute goods or services; or (iii) for any conduct of content of any third party on the Site. In no event shall Kickstarters liability for direct damages be in excess of (in the aggregate) one hundred U.S. dollars ($100.00). 17. Dispute Resolution and Governing Law Were located in New York, and any disputes with us have to be handled in New York under New York State law. We at Kickstarter encourage you to contact us if youre having an issue, before resorting to the courts. In the unfortunate situation where legal action does arise, these Terms (and all other rules, policies, or guidelines incorporated by reference) will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and the United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law, and without application of the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act or the United Nations Convention of Controls for International Sale of Goods. You agree that Kickstarter and its Services are deemed a passive website that does not give rise to jurisdiction over Kickstarter or its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, assigns, employees, agents, directors, officers, or shareholders, either specific or general, in any jurisdiction other than the State of New York. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these Terms, or your use or non-use of Kickstarter, shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in New York County in the State of New York, and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of these courts for the purposes of litigating any such action. You hereby irrevocably waive any right you may have to trial by jury in any dispute, action, or proceeding. 18. The Rest These are our official terms and our rules for how things work. (So if you ever see confusing or conflicting information about any of this stuff, just check these terms  theyre the last word.) Thanks so much for reading them, and for using Kickstarter! These Terms and the other material referenced in them are the entire agreement between you and Kickstarter with respect to the Services. They supersede all other communications and proposals (whether oral, written, or electronic) between you and Kickstarter with respect to the Services and govern our future relationship. If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid under the law, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Terms otherwise will remain in full force and effect and enforceable. The failure of either you or Kickstarter to exercise any right provided for in these Terms in any way wont be deemed a waiver of any other rights. These Terms are personal to you. You cant assign them, transfer them, or sublicense them unless you get Kickstarters prior written consent. Kickstarter has the right to assign, transfer, or delegate any of its rights and obligations under these Terms without your consent. Kickstarter will provide you notice via email, written notice, or by conspicuously posting the notice on our Site. FIN These updated terms went into effect on October 19, 2014, at 12 a.m. Eastern Time, and apply to all projects launched on Kickstarter on or after that date. To see the previous version of these terms, which govern all projects launched before that date, click here . 