 
 Terms of Service Effective 6 February 2025  Welcome to Mistral AI! We provide technology and services that enable access to and use of Mistral AIs artificial intelligence models. These Terms of Service (these  Terms ) govern your use of La Plateforme, Le Chat, and the other websites, products, services, and technologies we offer (the  Services ), except where we expressly state that other terms apply (we refer to those other terms as  Additional Terms ). The Services are provided by Mistral AI , a French limited joint-stock corporation, incorporated in Paris, under number 952 418 325, having its registered offices at 15 rue des Halles, 75001 Paris, France (" Mistral AI " or " us "). We encourage you to read and understand these Terms because by clicking on I agree (or any similar button or checkbox) at the time you sign up for a Service or by accessing or using any of the Services, you are agreeing to these Terms (including all applicable Additional Terms), which constitute an agreement between you and Mistral AI. 1. Accessing the Services Age requirements. You must be at least thirteen (13) years old to use the Services. You must have parental or legal guardian permission if you are a minor creating a Mistral AI account. We will delete any Mistral AI found to violate these requirements. Mistral AI accounts. Some Services require a Mistral AI account. You must provide complete and accurate account information and promptly update your account if any of your information changes. Your account is intended for your individual use only and you may not share your account with any other person. You are responsible for any activities conducted through your account, including activities of any end user provisioned with an account under your account ( End User Account ), whether or not those activities were actually conducted by you. You may not make account access credentials available to third parties, share individual login credentials between multiple users on an account, or resell or lease access to your account or any End User Account. You must promptly notify us at support@mistral.ai or through the Help Center in the event you detect any unauthorized or fraudulent access or use of your account. Admin accounts. If you have an admin account, you will have access to additional features, such as (a) adding authorized users to your workspace either by invitation or automatically, through the domain of their email address, (b) managing accounts within your workspace, and (c) managing features for the authorized users of your workspace. 2. Using the Services Our Services. We grant you a non-exclusive right to access and use the Services only in compliance with these Terms, any applicable Additional Terms, all applicable laws and regulations, and any other documentation, guidelines, or policies we make available to you, including our Usage Policy . Certain Services are only available if you have a paid subscription. Some Services may be subject to certain restrictions, such as formatting or size restrictions, or rate limits. Any such restrictions can be found in the applicable documentation or on our platform. The different subscription plans applicable to the Services are described on our platform. Restrictions. We own all right, title, and interest in and to the Services. You only receive rights to use the Services as explicitly granted in these Terms and any applicable Additional Terms. You will not, and will not permit any other person to: (a) Use the Services or Your Data in a manner that violates any applicable laws (including trade laws, and sanctions and export control laws), these Terms (including any Additional Terms), or any of our policies; (b) Use the Services or Your Data in a manner that infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates any third partys rights, including intentionally using the Services to generate Outputs that infringe third party rights; (c) Send us any personal information of children under 13 or the applicable age of digital consent or allow minors to use the Services without consent from their parent or guardian; (d) Reverse assemble, reverse compile, decompile, translate, engage in model extraction or stealing attacks, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code or underlying components of the Services, algorithms, and systems of the Services (except to the extent these restrictions are contrary to applicable law); (e) Use the Output or any modified version of the Output to reverse engineer the Services;  (f) Compromise the security or proper functionality of the Services, including interfering with, circumventing, or bypassing security or moderation mechanisms in the Services or performing any vulnerability, penetration, or similar testing of the Services; (g) Use any method to extract any content from the Services other than as permitted through the Services;or  (h) Buy, sell, or transfer API keys or Service accounts from, to or with a third party. Third-Party Services. You may connect services provided by third-parties (the " Third-Party Services ") to our Services. By enabling these connections, you grant our Services permission to access the Third-Party Services and retrieve the necessary data to use as Inputs to generate Outputs. You warrant and represent that you have all necessary rights, licenses, and permissions to connect these Third-Party Services with our Services. The use of Third-Party Services is subject to their respective terms and conditions, and you are solely responsible for complying with these terms. We are not liable for any disruptions, data loss, or issues arising from your use of Third-Party Services. You acknowledge and agree that Third Party Services are not Services and, accordingly, we are not responsible for them. 3. Your Data Your Data. You and your authorized users may provide input to the Services, such as prompts or fine-tuning data ( Input ), and receive output from the Services based on such Input ( Output ). We refer to Input and Output collectively as  Your Data . For clarity, any third-party content displayed on Le Chat to help you understand the Output, such as hyperlinks, snippets or thumbnails, for which you are only granted a right to view and read (the  Third-Party Content ) do not constitute Output. To the extent permitted by applicable law, you (i) retain all ownership rights in Input and (ii) own all Output. We assign to you all right, title, and interest, if any, in and to Output that we may have. Responsibility for Your Data. You are responsible for all Input and represent and warrant that you have all rights, licenses, and permissions required to provide Input to the Services. You are solely responsible for all use of the Outputs and evaluating the Output for accuracy and appropriateness for your use case. You must also not represent that the Output was generated by a human when it was generated by the Services. We may also provide Output filters for certain Services. If you deactivate these filters, you are solely responsible for the Output that is generated. How we use Your Data. We use and store Your Data in accordance with the Additional Terms for the applicable Service and our Privacy Policy . Similarity of Output. Due to the nature of the Services, your Output may be similar or identical to the response generated for another user of the Services. We provide no guarantees that your Output will be unique. Any responses generated for other users by the Service are not considered your Output even if similar or identical to your Output. Illegal content. You have the availability to report to us any of Your Data or Third-Party Content that violate our Usage Policy or (a) incites hate, violence, or discrimination against individuals based on their origin, ethnicity, religion, gender, sexual orientation, etc., (b) glorifies sexual harassment, (c) violates human dignity (e.g., human trafficking or pimping), (d) glorifies crimes against humanity or denying their existence, (e) incites terrorism, (f) glorifies very serious crimes against individuals (e.g., murder or sexual assault), (g) glorifies crimes involving theft, extortion, or material damage posing a danger to individuals, (h) constitute child abuse sexual material, or (i) are dangerous for minors. You can report such content by using the report feature on the Services and/or by sending an email at support@mistral.ai . You grant us the right to access the reported content to improve the Services (e.g., to help us make sure that the Services do not generate such illegal content again). This right is granted worldwide and for the duration of the intellectual property rights under applicable law. Where applicable, you must delete such content using the applicable feature on the Services. 4. Warranties; Disclaimer Our Warranties. We warrant that, when used in accordance with these Terms and the applicable Additional Terms, the Services will conform in all material respects with the documentation we provide to you or otherwise make publicly available. Your Warranties. You warrant that (a) you have the authority to enter into and accept these Terms and (b) you and your authorized users (if any) will use the Services in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and these Terms. Disclaimer. EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTIES IN THIS SECTION 4 (WARRANTIES; DISCLAIMER), THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND WE AND OUR AFFILIATES AND LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR TRADE USAGE. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES (I) THAT USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR FREE, SECURE, OR BE SUITABLE FOR YOUR SPECIFIC PURPOSES OR USE-CASES, (II) THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR (III) THAT YOUR DATA WILL BE ACCURATE. 5. Indemnification By you. You will indemnify, defend, and hold us and our affiliates, service providers, and licensors harmless against any liabilities, damages, and costs (including reasonable attorneys fees) payable to a third party arising out of a third party claim related to (i) the use of the Services in violation of these Terms (including violation of applicable Additional Terms or our policies), (ii) any of your products or services that you make available to end-users in connection with the Services or Outputs ( Your Offerings ) (if any), or (iii) Your Data. By us. We will indemnify and defend you for any damages finally awarded by a court of competent jurisdiction and any settlement amounts payable to a third party arising out of a third party claim alleging that the Services infringe any third party intellectual property right. This excludes claims to the extent arising from: (i) combination of any Services with products, services, or software not provided by us or on our behalf (including Your Offerings), (ii) fine-tuning, customization, or modification of the Services by any party other than us, (iii) the Input, including any training or fine-tuning data you provide to us, (iv) your modification of the Output, (v) your failure to comply with these Terms (including applicable Additional Terms) or applicable laws, regulations, or industry standards, (vi) your use of the Services or Your Data in a manner that you knew, or reasonably should have known, was likely to violate third party rights or applicable laws or regulations, (vii) Your Offerings (if the claim would not have arisen but for Your Offerings), or (viii) any Services made available to you for beta testing purposes. Indemnification Procedure. The indemnification obligations this Section 5 (Indemnification) are subject to the indemnifying party (i) receiving a prompt written notice of such claim from the party seeking indemnification; (ii) having sole control of defense and settlement of the claim (provided that the party seeking indemnification may participate in its own defense at its sole expense), and (iii) the party seeking indemnification providing all reasonable necessary cooperation and assistance, including preserving and sharing relevant information. The indemnifying party cannot enter into any settlement or compromise of any claim without prior written consent of the other party, which will not be unreasonably withheld, except that the indemnifying party may without consent enter into any settlement of a claim that resolves the claim without liability to the other party, impairment to any of the other partys rights, or requiring the other party to make any admission of liability. Remedies. The remedies in this Section 5 (Indemnification) are the sole and exclusive remedies for any third-party claim that the Services or Your Data infringe intellectual property rights. 6. Liability Limitation of Liability. NEITHER WE NOR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, LICENSORS, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, OR SERVICE PROVIDERS WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, OR DATA OR OTHER LOSSES, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER THESE TERMS AND ANY APPLICABLE ADDITIONAL TERMS WILL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THE SERVICE THAT GAVE RISE TO THE CLAIM DURING THE 12 MONTHS BEFORE THE LIABILITY AROSE OR 100 EUROS. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION 6 (LIABILITY) APPLY ONLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 7. Term, Suspension, and Termination Term. These Terms will commence on the earlier of (i) the date you first use the Services or (ii) the date you accept these Terms, and will continue until terminated. Termination or suspension. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account and/or your access to all or part of the Services if: (i) you breach these Terms (including any applicable Additional Terms) or our policies (including our Usage Policy ), (ii) you fail to pay any fees when due (iii), we need to do so in order to comply with applicable law, or (iv) your continued use of the Services could cause risk or harm to Mistral AI, our users, or anyone else. If you believe we have suspended or terminated your account in error, you can file an appeal with us by contacting us via support@mistral.ai . Requests to terminate. You can delete your account at any time by using the feature available on your account or, if unavailable, via our Help Center accessible on your account. Effects of termination. Termination or expiration will not affect any rights or obligations, including the payment of amounts due, which have accrued under these Terms (or any applicable Additional Terms) up to the date of termination or expiration. Upon termination or expiration of these Terms, the provisions of these Terms (or any applicable Additional Terms) that are intended by their nature to survive termination will survive and continue in full force and effect in accordance with their terms, including confidentiality obligations, payment obligations, limitations of liability, and disclaimers. 8. Privacy Privacy Policy. We process your personal data as data controller for the purposes of (a) providing the Services (unless you are using our Services on behalf of your business) and (b) managing your relationship with us in accordance with these Terms, including any billing, payment, or marketing activities. For clarity, our Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use personal information. Processing personal data. If you use the Services to process personal data on behalf of your business you must (a) provide legally adequate privacy notices and obtain necessary consents for the processing of personal data by the Services, (b) process personal data in accordance with applicable law, and (c) execute our Data Processing Agreement . 9. Changes to these Terms or the Services Updates to these Terms. We may update these Terms, the Additional Terms, our Usage Policy or our Services (including our models) from time to time. Some reasons why we might make changes to these Terms or the Services include: (a) Changes that we make to the Services, including to introduce new features or functionality or improve Service quality. (b) Changes to the law or regulatory requirements that apply to us or the Services;or (c) Security or safety reasons. Notice. We will give you at least 30 days advance notice of changes to these Terms (including any applicable Additional Terms) that materially adversely impact you either via email or an in-product notification. All other changes will be effective as soon as we post them. If you do not agree to the changes, you must stop using our Services. 10. General Assignment. You may not assign or transfer any rights or obligations under these Terms and any attempt to do so will be void. We may assign our rights or obligations under these Terms to any affiliate, subsidiary, or successor in interest of any business associated with our Services. Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable to the other for any delay or failure to perform any obligation under these Terms (except for a failure to pay fees) if such delay or failure is due to unforeseen events beyond the reasonable control of such party. Independent Contractors. There is no relationship of partnership, joint venture, employment, franchise or agency created between the parties under these Terms. Neither party will have the power to bind the other or incur obligations on the other partys behalf without the other partys prior written consent. No Third-Party Rights. There are no third-party beneficiaries to these Terms. Waivers. No waiver of any term of these Terms will be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or of any other term, and our failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Entire Agreement; severability. Unless otherwise agreed in writing between you and Mistral AI, these Terms, including our Usage Policy and any applicable Additional Terms, constitute the entire agreement between you and us concerning the Services. Any statements or comments made between you and any of our employees or representatives are expressly excluded from these Terms and will not apply to you or us, or to your access to or use of the Services. If any provision of these Terms is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which will remain in full force and effect. Governing law and venue. (a) Unless you are located in the United States, the laws of France will govern all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms (including any applicable Additional Terms), or related Services, regardless of conflict of laws rules. These disputes will be resolved exclusively in the courts located in Paris, France, and you and Mistral AI consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts. (b) If you are located in the United States, California law will govern all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms (including any applicable Additional Terms), or related Services, regardless of conflict of laws rules. These disputes will be resolved exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and Mistral AI consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts. Conflicts with Additional Terms. If these Terms conflict with any Additional Terms, the Additional Terms will govern for the applicable Service. Support. Support for the Services is provided through the Help Center . Additional Terms for consumers Effective 6 February 2025 These Additional Terms apply to any natural person residing in the European Union who is accessing or using the Services for purposes which are outside his trade, business, craft or profession ( Consumer ). If you are a Consumer, the following terms apply to your use of the Services: (a) these Additional Terms for consumers residing in the European Union, (b) any applicable Additional Terms for the specific Service you are using, (c) our Usage Policy , and (d) the Terms of Service . 1. Cancellation of paid Services 1.1 Cancellation right You have the right to cancel your subscription within fourteen (14) days from the date of your subscription (the  Cancellation Period ). After this Cancellation Period, your right to cancel will no longer apply. To exercise your right to cancel within the Cancellation Period, you must notify us of your decision to cancel before such period expires. You can do this by canceling your subscription directly through your account settings and reaching out to us at support@mistral.ai . 1.2 Model cancellation form If you wish to cancel your subscription, you can use the following form: To: Mistral AI, French limited joint-stock company, having its registered offices at 15 rue des Halles, 75001 Paris. Subject: Cancellation Request I hereby give notice that I cancel my contract for the provision of the following services [to be completed] ordered on [date]. First Name: Last Name: Email address used to process the order: Signature: Date: 2. Updates 2.1 Updates In this Section 2 (Updates),  Updates  refers to any updates or modifications aimed at maintaining, adapting, or evolving the functionalities of the Services, including security updates, whether or not these updates are necessary to maintain the compliance of the services. 2.2 Updates necessary to maintain the compliance of the Services We will inform you of any Updates necessary to maintain the compliance of the Services during the Term. We will notify you of the availability of Updates and the consequences of their non-installation for you. We shall not be held liable for any non-compliance related issues when you fail to install, within a reasonable timeframe, the necessary Updates to maintain the Services compliance. 2.3 Updates not necessary to maintain the compliance of the Services We may propose Updates that are not necessary to maintain the compliance of the Services. In such cases, we will inform you of such Updates and their implementation date. You can refuse or de-install the Update if such Update has a negative impact on your access or use to our Services. 3. Legal warranty 3.1 Legal warranty Along with any commercial warranty provided under these Terms or the applicable Additional Terms, Consumers residing in France also benefit from the following legal warranty: Le consommateur a droit a la mise en uvre de la garantie legale de conformite en cas dapparition dun defaut de conformite durant la periode de la fourniture du contenu numerique ou du service numerique. Durant ce delai, le consommateur nest tenu detablir que lexistence du defaut de conformite et non la date dapparition de celui-ci. La garantie legale de conformite emporte obligation de fournir toutes les mises a jour necessaires au maintien de la conformite du contenu numerique ou du service numerique durant la duree denregistrement du compte du consommateur sur la plateforme. La garantie legale de conformite donne au consommateur droit a la mise en conformite du contenu numerique ou du service numerique sans retard injustifie suivant sa demande, sans frais et sans inconvenient majeur pour lui. Le consommateur peut obtenir une reduction du prix en conservant le contenu numerique ou le service numerique, ou il peut mettre fin au contrat en se faisant rembourser integralement contre renoncement au contenu numerique ou au service numerique, si : Le professionnel refuse de mettre le contenu numerique ou le service numerique en conformite ; La mise en conformite du contenu numerique ou du service numerique est retardee de maniere injustifiee ; La mise en conformite du contenu numerique ou du service numerique ne peut intervenir sans frais imposes au consommateur ; La mise en conformite du contenu numerique ou du service numerique occasionne un inconvenient majeur pour le consommateur ; La non-conformite du contenu numerique ou du service numerique persiste en depit de la tentative de mise en conformite du professionnel restee infructueuse. Le consommateur a egalement droit a une reduction du prix ou a la resolution du contrat lorsque le defaut de conformite est si grave quil justifie que la reduction du prix ou la resolution du contrat soit immediate. Le consommateur nest alors pas tenu de demander la mise en conformite du contenu numerique ou du service numerique au prealable. Dans les cas ou le defaut de conformite est mineur, le consommateur na droit a lannulation du contrat que si le contrat ne prevoit pas le paiement dun prix. Toute periode dindisponibilite du contenu numerique ou du service numerique en vue de sa remise en conformite suspend la garantie qui restait a courir jusqua la fourniture du contenu numerique ou du service numerique de nouveau conforme. Ces droits resultent de lapplication des articles L. 224-25-1 a L. 224-25-31 du code de la consommation. Le professionnel qui fait obstacle de mauvaise foi a la mise en uvre de la garantie legale de conformite encourt une amende civile dun montant maximal de 300 000 euros, qui peut etre porte jusqua 10 % du chiffre daffaires moyen annuel (article L. 242-18-1 du code de la consommation). Le consommateur beneficie egalement de la garantie legale des vices caches en application des articles 1641 a 1649 du code civil, pendant une duree de deux ans a compter de la decouverte du defaut. Cette garantie donne droit a une reduction de prix si le contenu numerique ou le service numerique est conserve, ou a un remboursement integral contre renonciation au contenu numerique ou au service numerique." 4. Dispute resolution If you are a consumer residing within the European Union, you have the right to start a mediation process in case of a dispute.  To this end, you may contact:  Our mediation service, the CMAP, by mail at Centre de Mediation et dArbitrage de Paris, 39 avenue Franklin D. Roosevelt, 75008 PARIS or by email at cmap@cmap.fr. Or the european platform for the online settlement of disputes accessible at the following address: https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/main/index.cfm?e You agree that the mediation process is not mandatory and that either party may withdraw from such mediation process at any time.   Additional Terms for Paid services Effective 6 February 2025 Your payment for any Services is subject to our Terms of Service and these Additional Terms for paid Services. Payment. To pay for any Services, you must provide complete and accurate billing information, including a valid payment method. For paid subscriptions, we will automatically charge your payment method on each agreed-upon periodic renewal until you cancel. Youre responsible for all applicable taxes, and well charge tax when required. If your payment cannot be completed, we may downgrade your account or suspend your access to our Services until payment is received. Cancellation. You can cancel your paid subscription at any time via your account or the Help Center. Payments are non-refundable, except where required by law or otherwise stated in these Additional Terms. These Additional Terms do not override any mandatory local laws regarding your cancellation rights. Termination. You may terminate your account at any time by using the features available on the platform or, if unavailable, by contacting us through the Help Center. Prior to the termination of your account, you must pay all outstanding fees, including any unpaid invoices and other charges incurred up to the termination date. Changes. We may change our prices from time to time. If we increase our subscription prices, we will give you at least 30 days notice and any price increase will take effect on your next renewal so that you can cancel if you do not agree to the price increase. 