 
 Legal/Terms of Use Wow, you've found it! Considering this is the one page most of us wish didn't have to be here, we figured it would be the page most of you would try to avoid. But since you're here now, you might as well take a minute to read on. When you think about it, spending the time now to make sense of all this could save you from dealing with our lawyers later. (And believe us, they're not a very fun bunch!) We put this site up so each of you could have a chance to get your hands on some great PlayStation products and other things we thought you would like. We'll also try to provide you with some information you'll find interesting and give you a chance to chat about things on our message board. So take a good look around and enjoy our site. From time to time, we may offer you some goodies for downloading - - feel free to download any this stuff you find especially interesting, as long as its for non-commercial, personal use. This means you can't give copies to your friends, display it publicly, or charge anything for it (among other things). Don't forget, you're legally obligated to the terms and conditions the legal team has asked us to list below, as well as any other law or regulation that applies to this site, the Internet, the World Wide Web or the State of California. You shouldn't bother to hang around if you're not comfortable with these rules, 'cause once you're on our site (and that means anywhere on our site), you've got to follow these terms and conditions: 1. We've tried to cover most of the general rules about visiting our site on this page. However, there is a lot of important information on issues that you won't find here, but will see in other places on our site dealing with those specific areas. Some of those include the terms &amp; conditions for buying stuff from us, checking up on your order, information on our privacy policy and stuff like that. Even if you don't see it here, if we've included it on the site, it does apply to you too! So make sure you keep your eyes open and pay attention to what we say along the way. 2. This website is maintained by PlayStation.com (America) Inc. All purchases made through www.us.playstation.com are transactions between you, the purchaser, and PlayStation.com (America) Inc. and are subject to taxes and other legal regulations which apply to PlayStation.com (America) Inc. 3. We're trying to avoid putting those annoying ", ', and " marks and loads of itty bitty type all over every page, but we're telling you now, everything here is copyrighted and trademarked by us or one of our partners, unless we say otherwise. This means you can't just use the stuff (no matter how amazing it looks) without our written permission. And we've got to be honest up front, even if you came up with a totally cool idea that we were really excited about, it's not very likely our lawyers would let you use our stuff, even if you ask nicely. So you may want to just enjoy it while you're here. 4. Even though our friendly neighborhood lawyers try to check everything we do here with a fine toothed comb, we're not saying we're flawless. Sorry to have to say it, but the only promise we can make to you is that this site is totally cool and loads of fun! Anything you read, hear, look at, or use, you're doing it at your own risk. We assume no liability or responsibility for errors or omissions on this site. 5. And on that same note, we (and any of the very talented people who help us out on making and bringing this site to you) are not liable for any damages you suffer when you're here. In legal speak: "Sony Computer Entertainment America ("SCEA") is not liable for any direct incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to , or use of this site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the site is provided to you "AS IS' WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of the implied warranties." In short, we don't want to hex you, but if anything happens while you're on our site (like your computer gets messed up or you get infected with some virus), we're not responsible. We definitely don't want this to happen, but if it does, don't blame us. 6. Remember, if you put anything up on our site - it becomes ours. That means anything you send in, or post in the chat room, or in anyway disclose to us, we can reproduce, disclose, transmit, publish, broadcast, and/or post somewhere else. On top of that, any ideas, or concepts, techniques, that you disclose on this site, we can use any way we want, including in the developing, manufacturing and marketing of our products, or just to make fun of it. In plain language, if you want to keep it to yourself, do just that. 7. This may sound familiar, but it's important, so we're going to rephrase it. Anything on here, pictures, drawings, text, games, anything, is either our property or someone else's, who gave us the permission to use it. IT'S NOT PUBLIC DOMAIN, AND IT'S DEFINITELY NOT YOURS. Don't use any of it for anything other than personal entertainment, unless we say you can (and we probably won't). If you do, you're probably violating at least one law, and since we told you here, we won't feel bad about coming after you. 8. On the same note, there are plenty of trademarks, logos and service marks on this site, that belong to us or someone who said it's cool for us to use it. So hands off! (That's from our legal guys.) They also say if you fool around with any of these trademarks, they, or the owner of the mark, or some other prosecutor who they inform, will come after you. 9. Every once in awhile we hook up with someone else and set up a link to their site. We try to stick with the good guys, but just because there's a link, it doesn't mean we've checked out the other site through and through. So if there's anything on these other sites that offends your good tastes, don't jump all over us. Enjoy the links, but do it at your own risk. 10. The same thing goes for our site. We try to pay attention to what you guys are chatting about, or posting on our discussion groups, but we can take the responsibility if some loser sneaks in any posts some rubbish. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for the content of those locations or for any mistakes, defamation, libel, slander, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography, or profanity you might encounter when you visit such places on our site. And we sure hope you won't be posting or transmitting anything unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, nasty, mean, or profane material or any material that the law enforcement types may consider a criminal offense, get someone in court on a civil lawsuit, or for that matter, violate any law, anywhere, anytime (remember it is the "World Wide Web"). Because as much as we like all of you, we've got no choice but to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court that ask us to. And if we have problems, we guarantee that you'll have problems too. 11. And finally, we reserve the right to change anything on this page or this site at anytime . (And we just may do it.) So you're definitely going to want to hop on and check out our new and exciting changes as often as possible, but you may want to visit this page just to confirm none of the rules have changed since your last visit. We hope this doesn't sound to harsh, but the lawyers were all over us, and we figured if we did this one page their way, that let us have our way with the rest of the site!  2001 PlayStation.com America. 