 
 PlayStation Legal Jargon We put up this site so you can get your hands on some great PlayStation products and other items we think you'll like. We also provide you with some interesting and helpful information and give you a chance to chat about things on our Message Boards. So take a good look around and enjoy our site. From time to time, we offer you goodies for downloading--feel free to download any this stuff you find especially interesting, as long as it's for non-commercial, personal use. This means you can't give copies to your friends, display it publicly, or charge anything for it (among other things). Don't forget, you're legally obligated to the terms and conditions the legal team has asked us to list below as well as any other law or regulation that applies to this site, the Internet, the World Wide Web or the State of California. You shouldn't bother to hang around if you're not comfortable with these rules, 'cause once you're on our site (and that means anywhere on our site), you've got to follow these terms and conditions: We cover most of the general rules about visiting our site on this page. However, there is a lot of important information that you won't find here, but will see in other places on our site dealing with specific issues. This includes the terms and conditions for buying stuff from us and checking on your order, information on our privacy policy, and stuff like that. So, even if you don't see it here, if we've included it on the site, it does apply to you! So pay attention to what we say along the way. We try to avoid putting those annoying , , and TM marks and loads of itty bitty type on every page, but we're telling you now that everything on this site is copyrighted and trademarked by us or one of our partners, unless we say otherwise. This means you can't just use the stuff (no matter how amazing it looks) without our written permission. And we've got to be honest up front: even if you came up with a totally cool idea that we were really excited about, it's not very likely our lawyers would let you use our stuff, even if you asked nicely. So you may want to just enjoy it while you're here. Even though our friendly neighborhood lawyers try to check everything we do here with a fine-toothed comb, we're not saying we're flawless. Sorry to have to say it, but the only promise we can make to you is that this site is totally cool and loads of fun! Anything you read, hear, look at, or use, you're doing so at your own risk. We assume no liability or responsibility for errors or omissions on this site. On that note, we (and any of the very talented people who help us put together this site) are not liable for any damages you suffer when you're here. In legal speak: "Sony Computer Entertainment America ("SCEA") is not liable for any direct incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to or use of this site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the site is provided to you 'AS IS' WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of the implied warranties." In short, we don't want to hex you, but if anything happens while you're on our site (like your computer gets messed up or you get infected with some virus), we're not responsible. We definitely don't want this to happen, but if it does, don't blame us. Remember, if you put anything up on our site, it becomes ours. That means anything you send in, post in the chat room, or in any way disclose to us, we can reproduce, disclose, transmit, publish, broadcast, and/or post somewhere else. On top of that, any ideas, concepts, or techniques, that you disclose on this site, we can use any way we want, including in the developing, manufacturing, and marketing of our products...or we just make fun of them. In plain language, if you want to keep it to yourself, do just that. This may sound familiar, but it's important, so we're going to rephrase it. Anything on this site--pictures, drawings, text, games, anything--is either our property or the property of someone who gave us the permission to use it. IT'S NOT PUBLIC DOMAIN, AND IT'S DEFINITELY NOT YOURS. Don't use any of it for anything other than personal entertainment, unless we say you can (and we probably won't). If you do, you're probably violating at least one law, and since we told you here, we won't feel bad about coming after you. On the same note, there are plenty of trademarks, logos, and service marks on this site that belong to us or someone who said it's cool for us to use them. So hands off! (That's from our legal guys.) They also say if you fool around with any of these trademarks, they or the owner of the mark or some other prosecutor who they inform will come after you. Every once in a while we hook up with someone else and set up a link to their site. We try to stick with the good ones, but just because there's a link, it doesn't mean we've thoroughly checked out the site. So if there's anything on these other sites that offends your good tastes, don't jump all over us. Enjoy the links, but do it at your own risk. The same thing goes for our site. We try to pay attention to what you guys are chatting about or posting in our discussion groups, but we can't take responsibility if some loser sneaks in and posts some rubbish. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for the content of those locations or for any mistakes, defamation, libel, slander, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography, or profanity you might encounter when you visit such places on our site. And we sure hope you won't be posting or transmitting anything unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, nasty, mean, or material that is profane or that the law enforcement types might consider a criminal offense, get someone in court on a civil lawsuit, or for that matter, violate any law, anywhere, anytime. (Remember, this is the "World Wide Web".) Because as much as we like all of you, we've got no choice but to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authority or court that asks us to. And if you make problems for us, we guarantee that you'll have problems too. The E-commerce portion of our web site is run by an outside vendor. All purchases are subject to the vendor's policies which can be found at http://storeus.playstation.com/help.htm . And finally, we reserve the right to change anything on this page or this site at any time. So you're definitely going to want to hop on and check out our new and exciting changes as often as possible, but you may also want to visit this page just to confirm none of the rules have changed since your last visit. Sony Computer Entertainment logo is a registered trademark of Sony Corporation. "PlayStation" and the "PS" Family logo are registered trademarks of Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. Underground is a trademark of Sony Computer Entertainment America Inc. Underground and Live in Your World. Play in Ours." are trademarks of Sony Computer Entertainment America Inc. All other games and properties shown on this site are trademarked and copyrighted properties of their respective owners and/or licensors. Copyright Infringement Claims Policy Sony Computer Entertainment America Inc. and its subsidiaries ("SCEA") respect the intellectual property of all parties and we ask our users to do the same. SCEA respects the intellectual property rights of others and is committed to complying with U.S. Copyright laws. Our policy is to respond to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 ("DMCA") provides recourse for owners of copyrighted material who believe their rights under U.S. copyright law have been infringed on the Internet. If you believe your work has been copied and is accessible on this site in a way that may constitute copyright infringement, please provide notice to our Designated Agent. The notice must include the following information as provided by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. 512 (c) (3): A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material; Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted; A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. The Designated Agent for notice of copyright infringement claims may be reached as follows: By Mail: Riley R. Russell Legal Department Sony Computer Entertainment America 919 East Hillsdale Blvd., 2nd Floor Foster City, CA 94404 By Phone: 650-655-8000 By email: infringement@playstation.sony.com Counter Notification to Alleged Copyright Infringer If a copyright infringement notice has been wrongly filed against you as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the material, you may file a counter notification with our Designated Agent. The counter notification must provide the following information: Physical or electronic signature of the subscriber; Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled; A statement under penalty of perjury that the subscriber has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification; The subscribers name, address, telephone number and email address, and a statement that the subscriber consents to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if the subscriber's address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which the service provider may be found, and that the subscriber will accept service of process from the person who provided notification or an agent of such person. SCEA will terminate the registration of all account holders who are repeat infringers of intellectual property laws. By using this site, you signify your consent to SCEA's Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not use our web sites. We reserve the right to make changes to these Terms of Use. If we make a material change to these Terms of Use, we will notify you by posting the change on our web sites or in these terms and, if necessary, give you additional choices regarding such change. Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes. Your continued use of our sites will signify your acceptance of these changes. (c) 2006 Sony Computer Entertainment America Inc. 