 
 User Agreement This Agreement helps keep eBay a safe place to buy and sell. eBay is built on trust, and this Agreement helps promote that trust among all members of our community. THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBES THE TERMS ON WHICH EBAY OFFERS YOU ACCESS TO OUR SERVICES. BY PRESSING THE "I ACCEPT" BUTTON, YOU ACCEPT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW. Welcome to eBay Inc.s User Agreement. This Agreement describes the terms and conditions applicable to your use of our services at eBay.com. By clicking the "I Accept" button, you accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you do not accept these terms and conditions or have any questions that our User Agreement Frequently Asked Questions cannot answer, please contact agree-questions@ebay.com. We may amend this Agreement at any time by posting the amended terms on our site. If you wish to receive an email update for each amendment to this Agreement please click the checkbox at the bottom of this page. The amended terms shall automatically be effective 30 days after they are initially posted on our site. This Agreement may not be otherwise amended except in a writing signed by both parties. Eligibility for Membership. Our services are available only to individuals who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. Without limiting the foregoing, our services are not available to minors. If you do not qualify, please do not use our services. Fees. Joining eBay is free. Our then-current Fees and Credit Policies for selling items on eBay are, available at http://www.ebay.com/aw/agreement-fees.html, and are incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise stated, all fees are quoted in U.S. Dollars. You are responsible for paying all applicable taxes and for all hardware, software, service and other costs you incur to bid, buy, procure a listing from us or access our servers. We may in our sole discretion add, delete or change some or all of our services at any time. eBay is Only a Venue. Our site acts as the venue for sellers to conduct auctions and for bidders to bid on sellers auctions. We are not involved in the actual transaction between buyers and sellers. As a result, we have no control over the quality, safety or legality of the items advertised, the truth or accuracy of the listings, the ability of sellers to sell items or the ability of buyers to buy items. We cannot and do not control whether or not sellers will complete the sale of items they offer or buyers will complete the purchase of items they have bid on. In addition, note that there are risks of dealing with foreign nationals, underage persons or people acting under false pretense. Because user authentication on the Internet is difficult, eBay cannot and does not confirm that each user is who they claim to be. Therefore, because you must be careful in dealing with other users to avoid fraud, we have established a user-initiated feedback system to help you evaluate who you are dealing with. We also encourage you to communicate directly with a trading partner to help you evaluate with whom you are dealing. Please practice safe trading. If you have any concerns about your trading partner, please consider the use of a third party escrow service or services that provide additional user verification. Such services are available at http://pages.ebay.com/aw/helpful-services.html. Because we do not and cannot be involved in user-to-user dealings, in the event that you have a dispute with one or more users, you release eBay (and our agents and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor." For legal reasons, we cannot nor do we try to control the information provided by other users (including feedback) which is made available through our system. By its very nature, other peoples information may be offensive, harmful or inaccurate, and in some cases will be mislabeled or deceptively labeled. We expect that you will use caution -- and common sense -- when using our site. Bidding and Buying . As a bidder, if you have the highest bid at the end of the auction, at or above the minimum bid price (or in the case of reserve auctions, at or above the reserve price), and your bid is accepted by the seller, you are obligated to complete the transaction. Bids are not retractable except in exceptional circumstances such as the seller materially changing the description of the item after your bid or clear typographical errors, or when you can not authenticate the identity of the seller, or you discover that the seller may be dishonest or disreputable. You may not bid in a way that pulls other bidders to their maximum bid, retract the high bid, and then rebid at a small increment above the legitimate high bidder (bid siphoning). If you choose to bid on adult items, you are certifying that you have the legal right to purchase items intended for adults only. Listing and Selling . Listings are text descriptions, graphics and pictures on eBay's web site supplied by you that either (a) textually describe the item you are listing for auction, or (b) link to the text, graphics and picture(s) describing the item you are listing for auction. You may post on eBay's site either or both of these listing types, provided that you place such listings in an appropriate category. All Dutch auction items must be identical (the size, color, make, and model all must be the same for each item) and identical items must be listed in the Dutch format. If you receive one or more bids at or above your stated minimum price (or in the case of reserve auctions, at or above the reserve price), then you are obligated to complete the transaction with the highest bidder, unless; (x) you cannot authenticate the identity of the buyer, (y) you discover that the buyer may be dishonest or disreputable, or (z) the buyer fails to meet the terms of your listing (such as payment method). You may not email bidders in a currently open auction being run by a different seller, offering similar or the same item at price levels below the current bid (bid siphoning), nor may you use an alias to place bids on your auction for any reason. Without limiting any other remedies, eBay may terminate your account if you are found (by conviction, settlement, insurance or escrow investigation, or otherwise) to have engaged in fraudulent activity in connection with our site. eBay's Legal Buddy Program works to ensure that the items listed for auction do not infringe upon the copyright, trademark or other rights of those third parties. Legal Buddy Program Members have the ability to report, and thereby expeditiously remove infringing auction items. Legal Buddy Program Members have direct access to some of your personally identifiable information as described in the Privacy Policy. eBay cooperates with Legal Buddy Program Members (which included local, state and federal law enforcement) in enforcement actions. Without limiting other remedies, eBay will terminate your account if you repeatedly infringe third party intellectual property rights. Your Information. Your information includes any information you provide to us or other users during the registration, bidding or listing process, in any public message area (including the Cafe or the feedback area) or through any email feature (defined herein as "Your Information"). With respect to Your Information: 6.1 You are solely responsible for Your Information, and we act as a passive conduit for your online distribution and publication of Your Information. However, we may take any action with respect to such information we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion if we believe it may create liability for us or may cause us to lose (in whole or in part) the services of our ISPs or other suppliers. 6.2 Your Information and the sale of your item(s) on eBay: (a) shall not be fraudulent or involve the sale of counterfeit or stolen itesm ; (b) shall not infringe any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; (c) shall not violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including without limitation those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, antidiscrimination or false advertising); (d) shall not be defamatory, trade libelous, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing; (e) shall not be obscene or contain child pornography or, if otherwise harmful to minors, shall be posted only in the Erotica, Adults Only section and shall be distributed only to people legally permitted to receive such content; (f) shall not contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or other computer programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information; and (g) shall not link directly to or include descriptions of goods or services that: ( i ) are identical to other items you have up for auction but are priced lower than your auction item's reserve or minimum bid amount; (ii) are concurrently listed for auction on a web site other than eBay's; or (iii) you do not have a right to link to or include. Furthermore, you may not post on our site or sell through our site any: (x) item that, by paying to us the listing fee or the final value fee, could cause us to violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance or regulation, (y) live animals, human beings or body parts (relics, skulls, human remains or other parts), soiled undergarments, bulk email lists, switchblades and automatic weapons such as AK-47s. 6.3 Solely to enable eBay to use Your Information you supply us with, so that we are not violating any rights you might have in that information, you agree to grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicenseable (through multiple tiers) right to exercise the copyright and publicity rights (but no other rights) you have in Your Information, in any media now known or not currently known, with respect to Your Information. eBay will only use Your Information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. No Price Manipulation. Sellers may not manipulate the price of their item, either by using a shill (a secondary account or third party) or by bidding themselves. System Integrity. You may not use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the eBay site or any auction being conducted on our site. You may not take any action which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. You may not disclose or share your password to any third parties or use your password for any unauthorized purpose. Feedback. You may not take any actions which may undermine the integrity of the feedback system, such as: leaving positive feedback for yourself using secondary User IDs or third parties; leaving negative feedback for other users using secondary accounts or third parties (feedback bombing); or leaving negative feedback if a user fails to perform some action that is outside the scope of the auction (feedback extortion). If you earn a net feedback rating of -4 (minus four), your membership will automatically terminate, and you will be unable to list or bid. Because feedback ratings are not designed for any purpose other than for facilitating trading between eBay users, we may terminate your account if you choose to market or promote your eBay feedback rating in any venue other than eBay. Breach. We may issue a warning, temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend or terminate your membership and any of your current auctions immediately if you breach this Agreement or if we are unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us. Privacy. Our then-current privacy policies, available at http://www.ebay.com/aw/privacy-policy.html, are incorporated herein by reference. No Warranty. WE AND OUR SUPPLIERS PROVIDE THE EBAY WEBSITE AND OUR SERVICES "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WE AND OUR SUPPLIERS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some states do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, so the foregoing disclaimer may not apply to you. This warranty gives you specific legal rights and you may also have other legal rights which vary from state to state. Limit of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL WE OR OUR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR LOST PROFITS OR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (HOWEVER ARISING, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT. OUR LIABILITY, AND THE LIABILITY OF OUR SUPPLIERS, TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTIES IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCE IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF (A) THE AMOUNT OF FEES YOU PAY TO US IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE ACTION GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY, AND (B) $100. Some states do not allow the limitation of liability, so the foregoing limitation may not apply to you. General Compliance with Laws. You shall comply with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations regarding your use of our service and your bidding on, listing, purchase and sale of items. No Agency. You and eBay are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchisor-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this Agreement. Notices. Except as explicitly stated otherwise, any notices shall be given by email to agree-questions@ebay.com (in the case of eBay) or to the email address you provide to eBay during the registration process (in your case), or such other address as the party shall specify. Notice shall be deemed given 24 hours after email is sent, unless the sending party is notified that the email address is invalid. Alternatively, we may give you notice by certified mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested, to the address provided to eBay during the registration process. In such case, notice shall be deemed given 3 days after the date of mailing. General. This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of California as such laws are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within California between California residents. Both parties submit to jurisdiction in California and further agree that any cause of action arising under this Agreement shall be brought exclusively in a court in San Jose, California. We do not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our services, and operation of our site may be interfered with by numerous factors outside of our control. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remaining provisions shall be enforced. Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section. Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and agreement between us with respect to the subject matter hereof. Disclosures. The services hereunder are offered by eBay, Inc., located at 2005 Hamilton Ave., Suite 350, San Jose, CA 95125. If you are a California resident, you may have this same information emailed to you by sending a letter to the foregoing address with your email address and a request for this information. Fees for our services are described at http://www.ebay.com/aw/agreement-fees.html. The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 400 R Street, Sacramento, CA 95814, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210. 