 
 Terms of Use By accessing the pinterest.com website ("Site") or using the services offered by pinterest.com ("Services") you agree and acknowledge to be bound by these Terms of Service ("Terms"). If you do not agree to these Terms , please do not access the Site or use the Services. pinterest.com reserves the right to change these Terms at any time. We recommend that you periodically check this Site for changes. VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE TERMS BELOW WILL RESULT IN THE TERMINATION OF YOUR RIGHT TO USE THE pinterest.com SITE, AND ANY ACCOUNT THAT YOU MAY HAVE CREATED AS PART OF THE SERVICE. YOU AGREE TO USE THE pinterest.com SITE AT YOUR OWN RISK. Your Account In order to open an "Account" on the pinterest.com Site, you must ( i ) agree to these Terms of Service, (ii) provide a valid email address, and (iii) provide any other information required during the registration process. You will update this information to maintain its accuracy during the term of this Service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and password. You are also responsible for all content that you may post on the pinterest.com Site ("Content") and activity that occurs under your Account. Accounts registered by "bots" or other automated methods are not permitted. User Responsibility You are solely responsible for your use of the Site and Services. Because pinterest.com merely serves as a repository of information, user-posted content does not represent the advice, views, opinions or beliefs of pinterest.com, and pinterest.com makes no claim of accuracy of any user-posted material. pinterest.com allows for the posting of images and videos of third-party websites. The user-posted content, images', or links' content, business practices and privacy policies are not under our control, and we are not responsible for the content of any image or link ("Pin"). The inclusion of an Pin on the Site or Services does not imply any endorsement by or any affiliation with pinterest.com. In accessing the Site and Services or following links to third-party websites you may be exposed to content that you consider offensive or inappropriate. You agree that your only recourse is to stop using the Site and Services. User-posted content By transmitting content to our server you guarantee us that you have the right to make this content available for use. At the same time you grant us a right of use in such content. This right of use granted to us comprises the revocable right to publication, distribution, transmission, reproduction in public, publication or similar use of the transmitted content on a worldwide scale, exclusively within the Internet offer of pinterest.com without any claim for remuneration for yourself or any third parties. You may exercise your right of revocation at any time by deleting your Pins. You alone are responsible for your Pins and postings transmitted and for your behavior within pinterest.com. You undertake not to violate laws or other rules and regulations within your participation in the offer of pinterest.com. We reserve the right, at our own discretion, to immediately exclude you from membership and to remove your Pins and postings from pinterest.com in the event of violations of laws, good morals, these Terms of Use or upon other good cause shown. Abuse Pinterest.com can delete any Pin without notice. Forbidden pictures and practices are: 1. Posting images with limited property rights or infringe any third-party right. 2. Posting images of discriminative, xenophobic or racist content. 3. Posting images that could harm the intimity of other persons. 4. Posting images or videos for spam purposes. 5. Posting obscene images or videos. 6. Impose a unreasonable load on our infrastructure or interfere with the proper working of pinterest.com. 7. Copy, modify, or distribute any other person's content. We may limit or terminate our service, remove hosted content and take technical and legal steps to keep users off pinterest.com if we think that they are creating problems or acting inconsistently with the letter or spirit of our policies. If you believe that your rights have been violated, please notify us and we will investigate the matter. We reserve the right to remove content where we have grounds for suspecting the violation of these terms or of any party's rights. You acknowledge that pinterest.com may or may not pre-screen Content, but that pinterest.com and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse, or remove any Content that is available via the Service. Copyright complaints Pinterest.com respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact us with an e-mail that: Identifies the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed; Identifies the material on the pinterest.com site that you claim is infringing, with enough detail so that we may locate it on the website. Providing a URL is the best way to do this; Includes a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; Includes information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted. Includes a statement signed by you declaring under penalty of perjury that (a) the above information in your Notice is accurate, and (b) that you are the owner of the copyright interest involved or that you are authorized to act on behalf of that owner. Electronic communications When you visit pinterest.com, or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail to your registered email address or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. Copyright, license and site access All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, icons, images, photographs, audio clips, video clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of pinterest.com, or its subscribers who upload content, or its content and software suppliers and is protected by international copyright laws. pinterest.com grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site but not to download (other than page caching) or modify it or any portion of it, except with the express written consent of pinterest.com. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of pinterest.com. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by pinterest.com. Other Should any provision of these Terms of Use be invalid or unenforceable, it shall be replaced by a valid or enforceable provision that comes as close as possible to the legal intention of the invalid or unenforceable provision. pinterest.com and you are independent entities, and nothing in the Terms, or via use of the Site or Services, will create any partnership, joint venture, agency, franchise, sales representative, or employment relationship between pinterest.com and you. 