 
 Terms of Service Last Modified: August 31, 2021 Thank you for selecting the Services offered by Intuit Inc. and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates (referred to as "Intuit," "we," "our," or "us"). Please review these Terms of Service ("Agreement") thoroughly. This Agreement is a legal agreement between you and Intuit. By clicking I Agree, indicating acceptance electronically, or installing, accessing or using the Services, you agree to this Agreement. If you do not agree to this Agreement, then you may not use the Services. GENERAL TERMS. This Agreement describes the terms governing your use of the Mint websites, mobile apps, content, products, and related services, offers, add-ons, or other features, including any updates or new releases (collectively the Mint Service(s) or Services, as described more below). This Agreement includes by reference: 1. Accepting the Terms By accessing or using the Mint Services, you agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you wish to create an account in connection with the Services, you must read and confirm your acceptance of this Agreement. You may not use any of the Services and you may not accept this Agreement if you are not legally authorized to accept and be bound by these terms or are not at least 18 years of age and, in any event, of a legal age to form a binding contract with Intuit. Before you continue, you should print or save a local copy of this Agreement for your records. 2. Privacy and Use of Your Personal Information Our collection and use of personal information in connection with the Services is described in the Intuit Privacy Statement and any updates thereto, which you can view any time here or through the Services. You agree that Intuit may use and maintain your data according to Intuits Privacy Statement, as part of the Services. You give Intuit permission to combine information you enter or upload for the Services with that of other users of the Services and/or other Intuit services. For example, this means that Intuit may use your and other users non-identifiable, aggregated data to improve the Services or to design promotions. Intuit may access or store personal information in multiple countries, including countries outside of your own country, to the extent permitted by applicable law. By providing a telephone number in connection with the Services, you verify that you are the current subscriber or owner of that number. In addition, you expressly agree that Intuit and its affiliates may contact you by telephone or text message (including through the use of artificial voices, prerecorded voice messages, and/or autodialed calls and text messages) to the telephone number you provide or to any number provided to us on your behalf, for various purposes including verifying your identity, providing you with important notices regarding your account or use of the Services, fulfilling yours requests, or letting you know about promotions or Intuit services we think we may be of interest to you. Your consent to receive automated calls and texts is completely voluntary, and you may opt out any time. You acknowledge that if you do not opt out, we may contact you even if your number is listed on a do-not-call list or if you cancel your account or terminate your relationship with us. You do not have to agree to receive promotional calls or texts as a condition of purchasing any goods or services. You understand and agree, for any text messages sent to you in connection with the Services, that: (a) message frequency may vary, (b) message and data rates may apply, and Intuit is not responsible for these charges, (c) you may reply HELP for information, (d) you can reply STOP to opt out at any time (though if you do, you agree to receive a single message confirming your opt-out); and (e) neither Intuit nor mobile carriers involved in the text messaging are liable for delayed or undelivered messages. To opt out of automated voice calls, you must provide us with written notice revoking your consent by contacting us as described in our Privacy Statement, and including your full name, mailing address, account number, and the specific phone number(s) you wish to opt out of such calls. You also acknowledge and agree that your telephone calls to or from Intuit or its affiliates may be monitored and recorded. You must notify us immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your telephone. Although we will not be liable for losses caused by any unauthorized use of your telephone, you may be liable for our losses due to such unauthorized use. California Consumer Privacy Act. For the purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), Intuit shall be considered a Business and/or Third Party, as applicable. Where Intuit acts as a Third Party, you represent, warrant and covenant that all Personal Information provided or otherwise made available to Intuit is done so in compliance with applicable law, and that you have provided all necessary and appropriate notices and opt-outs, and otherwise have all necessary and appropriate rights, to enable Intuit to: ( i ) share any and all Personal Information you provided with any Intuit company, including Intuit Inc. and any parent, subsidiary, affiliate, or related company of Intuit Inc. (collectively, the Intuit Family Companies); and (ii) use any such Personal Information in connection with any and all Intuit Family Companies internal operations and functions, including, but not limited to, improving such Intuit Family Companies products and/or services, operational analytics and reporting, marketing and advertising, internal financial reporting and analysis, audit functions and archival purposes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties agree that the sharing of Personal Information between Intuit Family Companies does not constitute a sale of such Personal Information under the CCPA. Capitalized terms in this paragraph have the meanings given those terms under the CCPA. 3. Description of the Services The Mint Service is a personal finance information management service that allows you to consolidate and track your financial information and helps you find ways to improve your overall financial health. The Mint Service is provided to you by Intuit without charge (it is free, with optional paid features) and is meant to provide you with information to help you organize and manage your finances. If you choose to take advantage of them, the Mint Service also includes your one-bureau credit summary, credit score and monitoring alerts (Credit Score Services, described below). For an optional fee, you may access other add-on features as part of the Mint Services. This includes Mint Live (described more in Section 24), Mint Premium and other paid Service tiers (Section 25), and more. We may also present you information relating to third party products or services that you may be interested in (Third Party Offers, as described more below, including loan platform offers subject to additional terms available here) as well as provide you general tips, recommendations and educational material. For certain markets, we may offer salary and other insight features, which are intended to promote transparency, help you to better understand your worth, and help you make more informed decisions. Unless indicated otherwise, we provide salary estimates based on Box 1 income data from Form W-2s that TurboTax customers chose to share with us. These insights do not represent verified salaries, guarantees of actual salaries, or endorsements from employers. We do not guarantee the accuracy of these insights, and you are responsible for how you use them. We encourage you to supplement our insights with your own research. If you choose to disclose salary information to us in connection with products, you agree that you will not do so in violation of any legally enforceable confidentiality, non-disclosure or other contractual restrictions or rights of any third party. Payment. For any portion of the Services offered on a payment or subscription basis, the following terms apply, unless Intuit or its third party affiliate(s) otherwise notify you in writing. This Agreement also incorporates by reference and includes any program ordering and/or payment terms provided to you in connection with the Services. Payments will be billed to you in U.S. dollars, and your account will be debited when you subscribe and provide your payment information, unless stated otherwise in the program ordering or payment terms on the website for the Services. Unless otherwise specified, you must pay with one of the following: A valid credit card acceptable to Intuit; A valid debit card acceptable to Intuit; Sufficient funds in a checking or savings account to cover an electronic debit of the payment(s) due; or By another payment option Intuit provides to you in writing. If your payment and registration information is not accurate, current, and complete, and you do not notify us promptly when such information changes, we may suspend or terminate your account and refuse any further use of the Services. If you do not notify us of updates to your payment method (e.g., credit card expiration date), to avoid interruption of the Services, we may participate in programs supported by your card provider (e.g., updater services, recurring billing programs, etc.) to try to update your payment information, and you authorize us to continue billing your account with the updated information that we obtain. Intuit will automatically renew your monthly, quarterly, or annual Services at the then-current rates, unless the Services subscription is cancelled or terminated under this Agreement. We reserve the right to change our subscription plans or adjust pricing for our Services in any manner and at any time, in our sole and absolute discretion. Except as otherwise expressly provided for in this Agreement, any price changes or changes to your subscription plan will take effect following notice to you. At any time, and for any reason, we may provide a refund, discount, or other consideration to some or all of our customers. The amount and form of such credits, and the decision to provide them, are at our sole and absolute discretion. If you believe a payment shown on your billing statement or receipt is wrong, or if you need more information about a payment listed, you must notify us no later than 90 days after we sent the first statement or receipt on which the problem or error appeared. The notification must include your name and the email address associated with your Mint profile, a clear description of the issue, and the dollar amount in question. We will investigate, and if we determine that an error occurred, we will credit your account. Additional payment, cancellation, or renewal terms may be provided to you elsewhere in this Agreement or within the Services. 4. Account Information from Third Party Sites Users may direct Intuit to retrieve their own information maintained online by third parties with which they have customer relationships, maintain accounts, or engage in financial transactions (Account Information). Intuit may work with one or more service providers to access this Account Information. Intuit does not review the Account Information for accuracy, legality or non-infringement. Intuit is not responsible for the Account Information or products and services offered by or on third party sites. Intuit cannot always foresee or anticipate technical or other difficulties which may result in failure to obtain data or loss of data, personalization settings, device operating environment malfunctions or other service interruptions. Intuit cannot assume responsibility for the timeliness, accuracy, deletion, non-delivery or failure to store any user data, communications or personalization settings. For example, when displayed through the Services, Account Information is only as fresh as the time shown, which reflects when the Account Information is obtained. Such information may be more up-to-date when obtained directly from the relevant sites. You can refresh your Account Information through the Services, in the manner prescribed in the associated instructions. 5. Third Party Offers Some parts of the Services may be supported by or include sponsored links from advertisers. The Services may display offers, including Third Party Offers, that may be custom matched to you based on information you choose to share with us. We will disclose when a particular offer is sponsored or otherwise provided by a third party. In connection with Third Party Offers, the Services may provide links to third party sites or properties. Third Party Offers are provided to you as a convenience. Intuit does not endorse, warrant, recommend, or guarantee the products or services available through the Third Party Offers, whether or not sponsored. Intuit is not an agent, representative, or broker of any advertiser, or otherwise responsible for the activities or policies of third parties whose offers are shown. Intuit does not guarantee that the loan, investment, plan or other service terms, rates or rewards offered by any particular advertiser or other third party through the Services are actually the terms that may be offered to you if you pursue the offer or that they are the best terms or lowest rates available in the market. Information in the Third Party Offers are provided by the third parties, and any such offers are subject to the third parties review, approval, and terms. We receive compensation from third parties whose offers are shown in the Services, and that may impact how and where Third Party Offers may appear (and in what order). If you use our loan platform to find pre-qualified offers and potential options for a loan with one of our participating lender partners, your use is subject to our Prequalification Terms for Loans. With respect to those Services, we are not a lender or a party to any transaction between users and any of our lender partners, and do not make credit decisions. If you elect to use or purchase products or services from third parties through Third Party Offers, you are subject to their terms and conditions and privacy policies. We do not own or control any such third party, and are not responsible or liable for those products or services. If you have a support question or other inquiry related to a third partys products or services, you should contact the third party directly, using the contact information provided in their terms of use or other customer agreement. Third party trademarks or logos are the property of their respective owners. Third party trademark holders are not affiliated with, nor do they sponsor or endorse, Intuit or any of its products or services. 6. Your Registration Information and Electronic Communications In connection with parts of the Services, you may need to sign up for an account with Intuit. We may verify your identity. You authorize us to make any inquiries we consider necessary to validate your identity. These inquiries may include asking you for further information, requiring you to provide your full address, your date of birth, or your social security number, and/or requiring you to take steps to confirm ownership of your email address or financial instruments, ordering a credit report if you choose to take advantage of those product offerings, or verifying information you provide against third party databases or through other sources, including your mobile device and/or device operating environment. If you do not provide this information or Intuit cannot verify your identity, we can refuse to allow you to use the Services. You agree and understand that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any user ID and password used to access the Services. Those credentials, together with any mobile number or other information you provide, are considered your Registration Information. By providing us with your email address, you consent to receive all required notices and information. Electronic communications may be posted on the Services and/or delivered to your email address that we have on file for you. It is your responsibility to provide us with your complete, accurate contact information, or promptly update us in the event you change your information or ownership of your telephone number or other information changes. If we discover that any information provided in connection with your account is false or inaccurate, we may suspend or terminate your account at any time. If you use the Mint Live Services, you understand and agree that a Mint Financial Expert may make certain changes to your account or your information as described below. Notices will be provided in HTML (or, if your system does not support HTML, in plain-text ) in the text of the email or through a link to the appropriate page on our site, accessible through any standard, commercially available internet browser. Your consent to receive communications electronically is valid until you end your relationship with us. You may print a copy of any electronic communications and retain it for your records. We reserve the right to terminate or change how we provide electronic communications and will provide you with appropriate notice in accordance with applicable law. If you believe that your Registration or Account Information or device that you use to access the Services has been lost or stolen, or that such information, device, or your account was otherwise used without your permission, you must notify us immediately by contacting security@mint.com. 7. Your Use of the Services Intuit hereby grants you a limited personal license to access and use the Services as set forth in this Agreement. You are only granted a limited right to use of the Services and only for the purposes and by the means described by Intuit and set forth in this Agreement. Intuit reserves all other rights in the Services. Until termination of this Agreement and as long as you meet any applicable payment obligations and comply with this Agreement, Intuit grants to you a personal, limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable right and license to use the Services in accordance with the terms set forth herein. Your right to access and use the Services is personal to you and is not transferable by you to any other person or entity. You agree not to use, nor permit any third party to use, the Services in a manner that violates any applicable law, regulation, or this Agreement. You agree that you will not: provide access to or give any part of the Services to any third party; reproduce, modify, copy, sell, trade, lease, rent, or resell the Services; decompile, modify, copy, sell, trade, lease, rent, or resell the Services; or make the Services available on any file-sharing or application hosting service. You must provide true, accurate, up to date, and complete information in connection with the Services and you may not misrepresent your Registration and Account Information. If you do not keep your Registration and Account Information up to date and accurate, the accuracy and effectiveness of the Services will be affected. You represent that you are a legal owner of, and that you are authorized to provide us with, all Registration and Account Information and other information necessary to facilitate your use of the Services. Your access and use of the Services may be interrupted from time to time for any of several reasons, including, without limitation, the malfunction of device operating environment or other equipment, periodic updating, maintenance or repair of the Services or other actions that Intuit, in its sole discretion, may elect to take. In no event will Intuit be liable to any party for any loss, cost, or damage that results from any scheduled or unscheduled downtime or use of a rooted or jailbroken mobile device. Your sole and exclusive remedy for any failure or non-performance of the Services, including any associated software or other materials supplied in connection with such services, will be for Intuit to use commercially reasonable efforts to effectuate an adjustment or repair of the applicable service. From time to time, the Services may include new and/or updated pre-release, beta, or trial features (Sneak Preview features) for your use and which permit you to provide feedback. You understand and agree that your use of Sneak Preview features is voluntary and Intuit is not obligated to provide you with any Sneak Preview features. Furthermore, if you decide to use the Sneak Preview features you agree to abide by any rules or restrictions Intuit may place on them. You understand that once you use the Sneak Preview features, you may be unable to revert back to the earlier version of the same or similar feature. Additionally, if such reversion is possible, you may not be able to return or restore data created within the Sneak Preview feature back to the earlier version. The Sneak Preview features are provided on an as is basis and may contain errors or inaccuracies that could cause failures, corruption or loss of data and/or information from any connected device. You acknowledge and agree that all use of the Sneak Preview features is at your sole risk. 8. Use With Your Mobile Device Use of these Services may be available through a compatible mobile device with Internet access and/or the download and installation of an authorized mobile app, and may not be available for all mobile devices or telecommunication providers. You agree that you are solely responsible for these requirements, including any applicable changes, updates and fees (including message and data rates) as well as the terms of your agreement with your mobile device and telecommunications provider. You will need to check the Services website to ensure your mobile device and telecommunications provider are compatible. Intuit is not obligated to provide a compatible version of the Services (including but not limited to a compatible mobile app) for all mobile devices, operating systems or telecommunication providers, all of which are subject to change by Intuit at any time without notice to you. INTUIT MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, STATUTORY OR IMPLIED AS TO: ( i ) THE AVAILABILITY OF TELECOMMUNICATION SERVICES FROM YOUR PROVIDER AND ACCESS TO THE SERVICES AT ANY TIME OR FROM ANY LOCATION; (ii) ANY LOSS, DAMAGE, OR OTHER SECURITY INTRUSION OF THE TELECOMMUNICATION SERVICES; and (iii) ANY DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE TO TRANSMIT ANY DATA, COMMUNICATIONS OR SETTINGS CONNECTED WITH THE SERVICES. If you choose to access and use the Services through a mobile app provided by Intuit (Mobile App), solely as part of the Services, Intuit hereby grants you a limited, personal, non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable license to download, install and use a single copy of the Mobile App on your own personal mobile device(s) solely for your personal use of the Services as set forth in these terms. You agree that your access to and use of the Services via, through , by or within the Mobile App is governed by this Agreement. You further agree that your download, installation and use of the Mobile App is also governed by this Agreement, including but not limited to the disclaimer(s) of warranties, limitation(s) of liability and damages, dispute resolution, and other terms of this Agreement. You acknowledge and agree that the Mobile App is licensed, not sold. You agree not to use, nor permit any third party to use, the Mobile App in a manner that violates any applicable law, regulation or this Agreement. You agree you will not: Provide access to or give the Mobile App or any part of the Mobile App to any third party; Reproduce, duplicate, modify, copy, sell, trade, lease, rent or resell the Mobile App; Transfer your license to the Mobile App to any other party; Attempt unauthorized access to any Intuit systems that are not part of the Services; Permit any third party to benefit from the use or functionality of the Mobile App via a rental, lease, timesharing, service bureau, hosting service, or other arrangement; Decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer the Mobile App; or Make the Mobile App available on any file-sharing or application hosting service. 9. Online and Mobile Alerts Intuit may from time to time provide automatic alerts and voluntary account-related alerts. Automatic alerts may be sent to you following certain changes to your account or information, such as a change in your Registration Information. Voluntary account alerts may be turned on by default as part of the Services. They may then be customized, deactivated or reactivated by you. These alerts allow you to choose alert messages for your accounts. Intuit may add new alerts from time to time, or cease to provide certain alerts at any time upon its sole discretion. Each alert has different options available, and you may be asked to select from among these options upon activation of your alerts service. You understand and agree that any alerts provided to you through the Services may be delayed or prevented by a variety of factors. Intuit may make commercially reasonable efforts to provide alerts in a timely manner with accurate information, but cannot guarantee the delivery, timeliness, or accuracy of the content of any alert. Intuit will not be liable for any delays, failure to deliver, or misdirected delivery of any alert, for any errors in the content of an alert, or for any actions taken or not taken by you or any third party in reliance on an alert. Electronic alerts will be sent to the then-current email address or mobile number you have provided for the Services. If your email address or your mobile number changes, you are responsible for informing us of that change. Alerts may also be sent to a mobile device that accepts text messages. Changes to your email address and mobile number will apply to all of your alerts. Because alerts are not encrypted, we will never include your passcode. However, depending on which alerts you select, alerts may include your user ID and certain information about your accounts. Anyone with access to your email will be able to view the content of these alerts. At any time you may disable future alerts. 10. Rights You Grant to Us In connection with your use of the Services, you may make available to us certain information, data, passwords, usernames, PINs, other log-in information, materials and/or other content that you upload, transmit, post, generate, store, or otherwise make available, including but not limited to feedback you provide to us through the Services (Content). You grant Intuit a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to host and use any such Content. Archive your Content frequently. You are responsible for any lost or unrecoverable Content. You must provide all required and appropriate warnings, information and disclosures. Intuit is not responsible for the Content or data you submit through the Services. By submitting Content to us, you represent that you have all necessary rights and hereby grant us a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, modify, display, and perform all or any portion of the Content in connection with Services, other products or services, and our business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the site or Services (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. You also hereby grant each user a non-exclusive license to access your posted Content through the Services, and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such Content as permitted through the functionality of the Services and under this Agreement. Intuit may use and store Content in accordance with this Agreement and our Privacy Statement. You represent that you are entitled to submit it to Intuit for use for this purpose, without any obligation by Intuit to pay any fees or be subject to any restrictions or limitations. By using the Services, you expressly authorize Intuit to access your Account Information maintained by identified third parties, on your behalf as your agent, and you expressly authorize such third parties to disclose such information to us. When you use the Add Account feature of the Services, you may be directly connected to the site for the third party you have identified. Intuit will use information, including usernames and passwords, that you provide to connect with the third party and access certain information on your behalf. You hereby authorize and permit Intuit to use and store information submitted by you to accomplish the foregoing and to configure the Services so that it is compatible with the third party sites for which you submit your information. For purposes of this Agreement and solely to provide the Account Information to you in connection with the Services, you grant Intuit a limited power of attorney, and appoint Intuit as your attorney-in-fact and agent, to access third party sites, retrieve and use your information with the full power and authority to do and perform each thing necessary in connection with such activities, as you could do in person. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WHEN INTUIT IS ACCESSING AND RETRIEVING ACCOUNT INFORMATION FROM THIRD PARTY SITES, INTUIT IS ACTING AS YOUR AGENT, AND NOT AS THE AGENT OF OR ON BEHALF OF THE THIRD PARTY THAT OPERATES THE THIRD PARTY SITE. You understand and agree that the Services are not sponsored or endorsed by any third parties accessible through the Services. Intuit is not responsible for any payment processing errors or fees or other Services-related issues, including those issues that may arise from inaccurate account information. 11. Intuits Intellectual Property Rights The contents of the Services, including its look and feel (e.g., text, graphics, images, logos and button icons), photographs, editorial content, notices, software (including html-based computer programs) and other material are protected under both United States and other applicable copyright, trademark and other laws. The contents of the Services belong or are licensed to Intuit or its software or content suppliers. Intuit grants you the right to view and use the Services subject to these terms. You may download or print a copy of information for the Services for your personal, internal and non-commercial use only. Any distribution, reprint or electronic reproduction of any content from the Services in whole or in part for any other purpose is expressly prohibited without our prior written consent. You agree not to use, nor permit any third party to use, the Services or content in a manner that violates any applicable law, regulation or this Agreement. 12. Access and Interference You agree that you will not: Use any robot, spider, scraper, deep link or other similar automated data gathering or extraction tools, program, algorithm or methodology to access, acquire, copy or monitor the Services or any portion of the Services, without Intuits express written consent, which may be withheld in Intuits sole discretion; Use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent, or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search the Services, other than the search engines and search agents available through the Services and other than generally available third party web browsers (such as Microsoft Internet Explorer or Safari); Post or transmit any file which contains viruses, worms, Trojan horses or any other contaminating or destructive features, such as rootkits, keyloggers, bots or that otherwise interfere with the proper working of the Services; Attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse-engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Services; Use any information available through the Services for purposes of issuing credit or insurance or to make any eligibility determinations, except with our express written permission; Mirror or otherwise incorporate any part of the Services into any other site, or deep-link to any portion of the Services, without our express written permission Reproduce, modify, copy, sell, trade, lease, rent or resell the Services or otherwise use any portion of the Services, including but not limited to data published by Intuit as part of the Services, for commercial purposes, without our express written permission; Copy, modify, or create derivative works of the Services or any Content (excluding your Content) without our express written permission; Copy or use the information, Content (excluding your Content), or data on our Services in connection with a competitive service, as determined by Intuit; or Attempt to gain or enable unauthorized access to any portion of the Services. 13. Rules for Posting As part of the Services, Intuit may allow you to post Content on bulletin boards, blogs and at various other publicly available locations. These forums may be hosted by Intuit or by one of our third party service providers on Intuits behalf. You agree in posting Content to comply with the terms of this Agreement and its licensing restrictions, including the following rules: You are responsible for all Content you submit, upload, post or store through the Services. You grant each user a non-exclusive license to access your posted Content through the Sites, and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such content as permitted through the functionality of the Services and under this Agreement. You agree not to use, nor permit any third party to use, the Services to a) post or transmit any message which is libelous or defamatory, or which discloses private or personal matters concerning any person; b) post or transmit any message, data, image or program that is indecent, obscene, pornographic, harassing, threatening, abusive, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive; that encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or violate any law; or that is otherwise inappropriate; c) post or transmit any message, data, image or program that would violate the property rights of others, including unauthorized copyrighted text, images or programs, trade secrets or other confidential proprietary information, and trademarks or service marks used in an infringing fashion; or d) interfere with other users use of the Services, including, without limitation, disrupting the normal flow of dialogue in an interactive area of the Services, deleting or revising any content posted by another person or entity, or taking any action that imposes a disproportionate burden on the Services or that negatively affects the availability of the Services to others. Except where expressly permitted, you may not post or transmit charity requests; petitions for signatures; franchises, distributorship, sales representative agency arrangements, or other business opportunities (including offers of employment or contracting arrangements); club memberships; chain letters; or letters relating to pyramid schemes. You may not post or transmit any advertising, promotional materials or any other solicitation of other users to use goods or services except in those areas (e.g., a classified bulletin board) that are designated for such purpose. You agree that any employment or other relationship you form or attempt to form with an employer, employee, or contractor whom you contact through the Services that may be designated for that purpose is between you and that employer, employee, or contractor alone, and not with us. You may not copy or use personal identifying or business contact information about other users without their permission. Unsolicited emails, mailings, telephone calls, or other communications to individuals or companies whose contact details you obtain through the Services are prohibited. You agree that we may use any Content, including but not limited to any feedback, suggestions, or ideas you post in any way, including in future modifications of the Services, other products or services, advertising or marketing materials, and as otherwise set forth in the license grant above. The Services may include a community forum or other social features to exchange information with other users of the Services and the public. Intuit does not endorse and is not responsible for the content in these community forums. Please use respect when you interact with other users. Do not reveal information that you do not want to make public. Users may post hypertext links to content of third parties for which Intuit is not responsible. 14. Social Features Some of the Services may incorporate features offered by social media and other third party platforms such as Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn that enable online sharing and collaboration. Any content you post, such as pictures, information, opinions, or other information that you make available through those features is subject to the terms of service and privacy policies of those platforms. Please refer to those platforms to better understand your rights and obligations with regard to such content. 15. Disclaimer of Representations and Warranties THE SERVICES, INFORMATION, DATA, FEATURES, AND ALL CONTENT AND ALL SERVICES AND PRODUCTS ASSOCIATED WITH THE SERVICES OR PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICES (WHETHER OR NOT SPONSORED) ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN AS-IS AND AS AVAILABLE BASIS. INTUIT, ITS AFFILIATES, AND ITS THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, LICENSORS, DISTRIBUTORS OR SUPPLIERS (COLLECTIVELY, "SUPPLIERS") MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE CONTENT OR OPERATION OF THE SERVICES. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. NEITHER INTUIT OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENT ON THE SERVICES (WHETHER OR NOT SPONSORED), AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. NEITHER INTUIT OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE THAT THE CONTENT THAT MAY BE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES IS FREE OF INFECTION FROM ANY VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE OR ROOT KITS OR COMPUTER PROGRAMMING ROUTINES THAT CONTAIN CONTAMINATING OR DESTRUCTIVE PROPERTIES OR THAT ARE INTENDED TO DAMAGE, SURREPTITIOUSLY INTERCEPT OR EXPROPRIATE ANY SYSTEM, DEVICE OPERATING ENVIRONMENT, DATA OR PERSONAL INFORMATION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. IN SUCH STATES LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OF SECTIONS 15 AND 17 OF THIS PROVISION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 16. Not A Financial Advisor, Planner, Broker, or Tax Advisor THE SERVICES ARE NOT INTENDED TO PROVIDE LEGAL, TAX, INVESTMENT/RETIREMENT PLANNING, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, AND ARE NOT INTENDED TO SERVE AS TAX PREPARATION SERVICES. WE ARE NOT A FINANCIAL ADVISOR, PLANNER, BROKER, OR TAX ADVISOR. The Services are intended only to assist you in your financial organization and decision-making and are broad in scope. Your personal financial situation is unique, and any information and advice obtained through the Service may not be appropriate for your situation. Accordingly, before making any final decisions or implementing any financial strategy, you should consider obtaining additional information and advice from your accountant or other certified financial advisers who are fully aware of your individual circumstances. 17. Limitations on Intuits Liability INTUIT SHALL IN NO EVENT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, LIQUIDATED OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF PROFIT, REVENUE OR BUSINESS, ARISING IN WHOLE OR IN PART FROM YOUR USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ADD-ON SERVICES, DEVICE OPERATING ENVIRONMENT, OR THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF INTUIT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS AGREEMENT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF INTUIT, ITS AFFILIATES AND SUPPLIERS FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THE SERVICES DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO SUCH CLAIM. 18. Your Indemnification of Intuit You shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Intuit and its officers, directors, shareholders, and employees, from and against all claims, suits, proceedings, losses, liabilities, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees), whether in tort, contract, or otherwise, that arise out of or relate, including but not limited to attorneys fees, in whole or in part arising out of or attributable to any breach of this Agreement or any activity by you in relation to the Services, including add-on Services and/or device operating environment. 19. Ending Your Relationship with Mint If you want to end your relationship with Mint and close your account, you can do so by logging in to One Intuit Account Manager and following instructions under the respective data and privacy settings (FAQ), or by following the instructions outlined in Intuits Privacy Statement. Please note that if you wish to remove Mint from your mobile devices, then you may delete the Mobile App, however that will only delete your Mint data from the device. If you want to delete your Mint account data, follow the instructions outlined in Intuits Privacy Statement. Intuit may, in its sole discretion and without notice, restrict, deny, terminate this Agreement or suspend the Services, or related other Services, effective immediately, in whole or in part, if we determine that your use of the Services violates the Agreement, is improper or substantially exceeds or differs from normal use by other users, raises suspicion of fraud, misuse, security concern, illegal activity or unauthorized access issues, to protect the integrity or availability of the Services or systems and comply with applicable Intuit policy, if you no longer agree to receive electronic communications, or if your use of the Services conflicts with Intuits interests or those of another user of the Services. Upon Intuit notice that your use of the Services has been terminated you must immediately stop using the Services and any outstanding payments will become due. Any termination of this Agreement shall not affect Intuits rights to any payments due. Intuit may terminate a free account at any time. Sections of this Agreement that by their nature are intended to survive will survive and remain in effect even if the Agreement is terminated. 20. Modifications Intuit reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Services, including add-on Services, with or without notice, by electronic means (e.g. via email or by making the information available through the Services). Intuit reserves the right to change the Services, including fees as may be applicable, in our sole discretion and from time to time. In such event, if you are a paid user, Intuit will provide notice to you. If you do not agree to the changes after receiving a notice of the change to the Services, you may stop using the Services. Your use of the Services after you are notified of any change(s) will constitute your agreement to such change(s). You agree that Intuit will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspensions, or discontinuance of the Services. In addition, the Agreement will always indicate the date it was last revised. You are deemed to accept and agree to be bound by any changes to the Agreement when you use the Services after those changes are posted. If you do not agree with any of the changes, you must immediately stop accessing our Services and your license to use our Services will immediately terminate. 21. Governing Law and Disputes Most disagreements can be resolved informally and efficiently by contacting our customer support team. If you are a U.S. customer: YOU AND INTUIT AGREE THAT, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED BELOW, ANY DISPUTE, CLAIM OR CONTROVERSY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE SERVICES OR THIS AGREEMENT (A CLAIM) WILL BE DETERMINED BY BINDING ARBITRATION OR SMALL CLAIMS COURT, INSTEAD OF IN COURTS OF GENERAL JURISDICTION. Either you or Intuit can seek to have a Claim resolved in small claims court if all the requirements of the small claims court are satisfied. Either you or Intuit may seek to have a Claim resolved in small claims court in your county of residence or the small claims court in closest proximity to your residence, and you may also bring a claim in small claims court in the Superior Court of California, County of Santa Clara. Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, may allow for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts. Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. You agree that the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision, and that you and Intuit are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. This arbitration provision shall survive termination of this Agreement and/or the termination of your Services. If you elect to seek arbitration, you must first send to Intuit a written Notice of your Claim ("Notice of Claim"). The Notice of Claim to Intuit should be sent in care of our registered agent Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, DE 19808. The Notice of Claim should include both the mailing address and email address you would like Intuit to use to contact you. If Intuit elects to seek arbitration, it will send, by certified mail, a written Notice of Claim to your address on file. A Notice of Claim, whether sent by you or by Intuit, must (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (b) set forth the specific amount of damages or other relief sought. You and Intuit agree that good-faith informal efforts to resolve disputes often can result in a prompt, low-cost and mutually beneficial outcome. You and Intuit therefore agree that, after a Notice of Claim is sent but before either you or Intuit commence arbitration or file a claim in small claims court against the other, we will personally meet, via telephone or videoconference, in a good-faith effort to confer with each other and try to resolve informally any Claim covered by this Agreement. If you are represented by counsel, your counsel may participate in the conference as well, but you agree to fully participate in the conference. Likewise, if Intuit is represented by counsel, its counsel may participate in the conference as well, but Intuit agrees to have a company representative fully participate in the conference. The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution process required by this paragraph. If we do not reach an agreement to resolve the Claim within sixty (60) days after the Notice of Claim is received, you or Intuit may commence an arbitration proceeding by filing a Demand for Arbitration or, alternatively, by filing a Claim in small claims court. You agree that you may not commence any arbitration or file a claim in small claims court unless you and Intuit are unable to resolve the claim within 60 days after we receive your completed Notice of Claim and you have made a good faith effort to resolve your claim directly with Intuit during that time. If a Claim qualifies for small claims court, but a party commences an arbitration proceeding, you and Intuit agree that either party may elect instead to have the Claim resolved in small claims court, and upon written notice of a partys election, the American Arbitration Association (AAA) will administratively close the arbitration proceeding. Any dispute about whether a Claim qualifies for small claims court shall be resolved by that court, not by an arbitrator. In the event of any such dispute, the arbitration proceeding shall remain closed unless and until a decision by the small claims court that the Claim should proceed in arbitration. You may download or copy a form of notice and a form to initiate arbitration at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. The arbitration will be conducted by the AAA before a single AAA arbitrator under the AAAs rules, which are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879, except as modified by this Agreement. Unless Intuit and you agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of either your residence or of the mailing address you provided in your Notice of Claim. The arbitrator will be either (1) a retired judge or (2) an attorney specifically licensed to practice law in the state of California or the state of your residence and will be selected by the parties from the AAAs National Roster of arbitrators. The arbitrator will be selected using the following procedure: (a) the AAA will send the parties a list of five candidates meeting this criteria; (b) if the parties cannot agree on an arbitrator from the list, each party shall return its list to the AAA within 10 days, striking up to two candidates, and ranking the remaining candidates in order of preference; (c) the AAA shall appoint as arbitrator the candidate with the highest aggregate ranking; and (d) if for any reason the appointment cannot be made according to this procedure, the AAA may exercise its discretion in appointing the arbitrator. The arbitrator is bound by this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided below, all issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including issues relating to the scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision. The parties agree that an administrative conference with the AAA shall be conducted in each arbitration proceeding, and you and an Intuit company representative shall appear at the administrative conference via telephone. If you fail to appear at the administrative conference, regardless of whether your counsel attends, the AAA will administratively close the arbitration proceeding without prejudice, unless you show good cause as to why you were not able to attend the conference. The arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. The award shall be binding only among the parties and shall have no preclusive effect in any other arbitration or other proceeding involving a different party. Intuit will not seek to recover its attorneys fees and costs in arbitration from you unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in your Demand for Arbitration was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)). Judgment on any award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. This agreement to arbitrate shall not preclude any party to the arbitration from at any time seeking injunctions or other forms of equitable relief in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction including whether a Demand for Arbitration is filed in violation of this Agreement. Except as provided above, the arbitrator shall determine all issues of liability on the merits of any Claim asserted by you or Intuit and may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. To the extent that you or Intuit prevail on a Claim and seek public injunctive relief (that is, injunctive relief that has the primary purpose and effect of prohibiting unlawful acts that threaten future injury to the public), the entitlement to and extent of such relief must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not in arbitration. The parties agree that litigation of any issues of public injunctive relief shall be stayed pending the outcome of the merits of any individual Claims in arbitration. Before a court of competent jurisdiction issues any public injunctive relief, it shall review the factual findings of the arbitration award on which any injunction would issue with no deference to the arbitrator. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. You are required to pay AAAs initial filing fee, but Intuit will reimburse you for this filing fee at the conclusion of the arbitration to the extent it exceeds the fee for filing a complaint in a federal or state court in your county of residence or in Santa Clara County, California. If the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your Claim or the relief sought in your Demand for Arbitration was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all fees will be governed by the AAA Rules and Intuit will not reimburse your initial filing fee. The parties agree that the AAA has discretion to modify the amount or timing of any administrative or arbitration fees due under the AAA Rules where it deems appropriate, provided that such modification does not increase the AAA fees to you or Intuit, and you and Intuit waive any objection to such fee modification. YOU AND INTUIT AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Further, if you have elected arbitration, unless both you and Intuit agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate any other person's Claims with your Claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If Intuit believes that any Claim you have filed in arbitration or in court is inconsistent with the limitations in this paragraph, then you agree that Intuit may seek an order from a court determining whether your Claim is within the scope of the Class Action Waiver. If this Class Action Waiver is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Disputes Section shall be null and void. 22. Allegations of Copyright and Trademark Infringements; Notification Intuit respects the intellectual property rights of others and Intuit asks that users of the Services do the same. If you believe that your intellectual property is being used in connection with the Services in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our Designated Agent (set forth below) the following information (as required by Section 512(c)(3) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act): A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material. Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted. A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. The information specified above must be sent to Intuits Designated Agent, whose contact information is as follows: Intuit Inc. Attention: DMCA Designated Agent 2700 Coast Avenue Mountain View, CA 94043 Fax: 650-747-4666 Contact Please note that Section 512(f) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act may impose liability for damages on any person who knowingly sends meritless notices of infringement. Please do not make false claims. Any information or correspondence that you provide to Intuit may be shared with third parties, including the person who provided Intuit with the allegedly infringing material. Upon receipt of a bona fide infringement notification by the Designated Agent, it is Intuits policy to remove or disable access to the infringing material, notify the user that it has removed or disabled access to the material, and, for repeat offenders, to terminate such user's access to the service. If you believe that your content should not have been removed for alleged copyright infringement, you may send Intuits Designated Agent a written counter-notice with the following information: Identification of the copyrighted work that was removed, and the location on the Services where it would have been found prior to its removal; A statement, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed as a result of a mistake or misidentification; and Your physical or electronic signature, together with your contact information (address, telephone number and, if available, email address). If a counter-notice is received by the Designated Agent, we may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed material or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the user, the removed material may be replaced or access to it restored in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at our discretion. 23. Credit Score Services These additional terms and conditions apply to use of the Credit Score Services and will prevail over any conflict or inconsistency with the Agreement above. At your option in connection with the Services, we may provide you with: a free credit score, report summary and monitoring alerts (collectively, the Credit Score Services). The Credit Score Services may provide you with information about your credit profile including your credit report summary, credit score, monitoring or alert services and interactive tools where available. Credit Score Services will be provided via our website, including via mobile applications, where available. Credit Score Services will be provided through our third party processing agent, TransUnion, or other designated processing agent (Processing Agent) for users in the United States only. Free Credit Score Services. The Free Credit Score Services is a free version of the Services available to individuals. The Free Credit Score Services may include the following: Single-bureau credit score with periodic updates and tracking as described on the website. The credit score provided to you is a VantageScore based on TransUnion data. The credit score may be accompanied by potential key factors affecting your credit score, credit score comparison to national norms and simulators/credit score calculator to understand how specific actions might affect your credit scores. Suggestions, tips and educational materials and information about other products and services that might be of interest to you. Additional Credit Products. Additional credit products may be made available to you and may include products from third parties such as TransUnion. Please review the specific features, terms and conditions and associated fees before you purchase. Intuit does not guarantee that you will receive your free credit report information. You must satisfy our eligibility requirements. You may obtain your own report without using our Services. You have the right to a free credit report from AnnualCreditReport.com or (877) 322-8228, the ONLY authorized source under Federal law. Authorization for Credit Score Services. You must be at least 18 years of age to use these Credit Score Services, and you must be the subject of the credit report that you are seeking. You hereby authorize Intuit to do all of the following in connection with providing you the Credit Score Services: ( i ) verify your identity and share with our Processing Agent certain non-public personal information about You, including Your Social Security Number; (ii) request and obtain your consumer credit report, including your score and historical data, from our Processing Agent throughout the term in which we provide you the Credit Score Services; such request constitutes "written instructions" in accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA); and (iii) use and retain your credit information, along with the other information you have given us access to under the Agreement, to provide the Services and use it with other Intuit services that include substantially similar functionalities as these Credit Score Services. You agree that Intuit may use and analyze your information to: (a) present you an overview of your credit profile including detailed information where available; (b) provide you with customized recommendations and general information about you; (c) provide you services; and (d) serve you targeted ads, educational material, and other communications based on your information. Intuit may send you information via email, text or online display or other means of delivery in Intuit's reasonable sole discretion. We may also aggregate and evaluate your information to do statistical analysis to provide historical or comparative information and to improve Intuit products and services. We will obtain your prior consent if we use your identifying information for any other purpose not expressly permitted under this Agreement or Intuit's Privacy Statement. Please refer to Intuits Privacy Statement for more information. Restrictions. You agree to provide true, accurate and current information. It is a violation of federal criminal laws to knowingly or willfully obtain information from a consumer reporting agency under false pretenses. You agree not to do any of the following: ( i ) violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, or any regulations having the force of law; (ii) further or promote any criminal activity or enterprise or provide instructional information about illegal activities; or (iii) obtain or attempt to access or otherwise obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Credit Score Services. Term, Cancellation and Refund Policy. Intuit may terminate the Credit Score Services for any reason at any time. If you purchase other credit products via our website, please review any additional terms where applicable. Customer Support. Customer support will vary depending on the Services. Please refer to the Services website for information. For questions regarding your credit score or credit report, please contact the Processing Agent directly at 1-844-846-6245. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE SERVICES DO NOT INCLUDE THE PLACING OF FRAUD ALERTS WITH ANY CONSUMER REPORTING AGENCIES. YOU MUST CONTACT THE CONSUMER REPORTING AGENCIES DIRECTLY IF YOU SUSPECT ANY FRAUD ACTIVITY. Intuit Is Not a Credit Repair Company, Credit Reporting Agency, Broker Or Advisor You acknowledge that Intuit is not a credit repair company or similarly regulated organization under applicable laws, and does not provide credit repair services. Where available, information provided via the Services is for your educational and reference purpose only and is provided at no additional charge unless otherwise specified here in relation to specific offerings. The Services are intended to provide you with general information and are not intended to provide legal, tax or financial advice. We do not provide any services to repair or improve your credit profile or credit score, nor do we provide any representation that the information we provide will actually repair or improve your profile. Consult the services of a competent licensed professional when you need any type of this assistance. You acknowledge that Intuit is not a "consumer reporting agency" as that term is defined in the Fair Credit Reporting Act as amended. Product Notices The credit score is intended for your own educational use. It is also commercially available to third parties along with numerous other credit scores and models in the marketplace. Please keep in mind third parties are likely to use a different score when evaluating your creditworthiness. Third parties will take into consideration items other than your credit score or information found in your credit file, such as your income. Results from credit score calculator or simulator are provided for educational purposes only and are intended to show the impact that certain hypothetical actions could have on your credit score, assuming all other variables remain constant. The results are not a guarantee. Your actual score calculation may vary as information in your credit profile may change. 24. Mint Live Services These additional terms and conditions apply to the Mint Live Services and will prevail over any conflict or inconsistency with the Agreement above. Mint Live Services. The Mint Live Services are an optional add-on offering, enabling access to a certified financial planner, certified public accountant, or other expert or professional (Mint Financial Expert) for users in the United States only. The Mint Live Services include educational information on budgeting, debt management, credit report and credit scores, savings and possible tax implications, as well as other education and coaching related to personal finances. The Mint Live Services should not be construed as legal, investment, credit repair, debt management, or tax advice. You should seek the assistance of a professional for tax and investment advice. An account and Internet access are required to use the Mint Live Services. Pricing. Where Mint Live Services are offered on a payment or subscription basis, payments will be billed in US dollars (plus any applicable taxes), and your account will be debited (including any applicable taxes) when you subscribe and confirm the charges to be made to your payment account. When you purchase a subscription through a mobile app store, mobile app store terms and conditions will also apply. Payment; Third Party Processing; Renewal. You must pay with a valid credit card or debit card. By entering your payment information and submitting your subscription, you authorize Intuit and/or any third party payment processor to charge the subscription amount to your selected payment method. You should be aware that online payment transactions are subject to validation checks by our payment processor and your card issuer. Intuit is not responsible if your card issuer declined to authorize payment for any reason. For your protection, our payment processor uses various fraud prevention protocols and industry standard verification systems to reduce fraud and you authorize it to verify and authenticate your payment information. It is also possible that your card issuer may charge you an online handling fee or processing fee. Intuit is not responsible for this. In some jurisdictions, our payment processor may use third parties under strict confidentiality and data protection requirements for the purposes of payment processing services. Intuit may also change its payment processor without notice to you. If your payment and registration information is not accurate, current, and complete and you do not notify us promptly when such information changes, we may suspend or terminate your account or use Mint Live Services. If you do not notify us of updates to your payment method (e.g., credit card expiration date), to avoid interruption, we may participate in programs supported by your card provider (e.g., updater service, recurring billing programs, etc.) to try to update payment information, and you authorize us to continue billing your account with updated information that we obtain. Where you have purchased a subscription, Intuit will automatically renew your Mint Live Services subscription at the then-current rates unless you cancel them as described below and in the product. Support. You understand and agree: Service Levels. Service levels and availability will vary based on demand and capacity and are subject to change without notice. Intuit reserves the right to limit the number of sessions and length of each Mint Live session. Communication. You may be required to provide various contact information including mobile phone number and email address. Standard message rates apply. Appointments. You are required to schedule an appointment for each session. Intuit reserves the right to cancel a session at its sole discretion. You may cancel your live session at any time and may reschedule, however, Intuit may not be able to accommodate multiple rescheduling. Third Party Technology. Intuit may use third party technology to establish a screen share connection to provide the Services. Live Sessions. In connection with and in preparation for your session(s), Mint Financial Experts will have access to a secured dashboard displaying certain data in your Mint account, which may include account names, account numbers and amounts, credit score, and other credit information. You understand and agree that if there is incorrect or incomplete data reflected in your Mint account, information provided to you in connection with the Mint Live Services may not be accurate or complete. Mint Financial Experts will not endorse or recommend any specific product or service offers. You understand and agree that by using the Mint Live Services, you are authorizing Mint Financial Experts to make certain changes to your account and/or account information as appropriate, depending on your discussions and how you use the Mint Live Services. Mint Financial Experts may also follow up with you after a session to provide details on any plans or action items you develop during your sessions, using the email or telephone contact information on file with your account. Cancellation. You may cancel at any time. When you cancel Mint Live Services, all future subscription charges will be discontinued. Your cancellation will become effective at the end of the billing period. You will not receive a prorated refund; your access and subscription benefits will continue for the remainder of the billing period. Intuit reserves the right to cancel or suspend the Mint Live Services at any time, at its sole discretion. Intuit will not be liable for any penalty, interest or other liability that results from inaccurate, or incomplete, or outdated information you supply. Intuit will not be liable in any way if the Mint Live Services cannot be performed completely or accurately because of anything not reasonably within our control, including inaccurate or incomplete information you provide to us. At Intuit, we place the highest importance on respecting and protecting the privacy of our users. Our most important asset is our relationship with you. We want you to feel comfortable and confident when using Mint Live Services. You can view the Intuit Privacy Statement here. When you use Mint Live Services, you consent to the session being recorded (including screen captures and/or recordings of any sessions conducted by telephone) for quality assurance, training, and security purposes. 25. Mint Premium and Other Paid Subscription Tiers These additional terms and conditions apply to use of Mint Premium and other paid subscription tiers for the Mint Services, and will prevail over any conflict or inconsistency with the Agreement above. When you choose to take advantage of Mint Premium or other paid subscription tiers, a payment of the amount shown to you at the time of purchase will be charged to your account when the subscription begins, and it will auto renew as described at our then-current rates unless cancelled or terminated at least 48 hours before the end of a subscription period. Renewal payments will be charged on the payment date indicated with your subscription. You can manage your options and turn off autorenewals at any time, through your account settings with App Store or Google Play. You will continue to have access to subscription benefits through the end of your billing period. Payments are nonrefundable and there are no refunds or credits for partially used subscription periods. In connection with Mint Premium or other paid tiers, we may provide the option to request cancellation of your recurring subscription to a third-party product or service (Subscription Cancellation). We may use certain third-party service providers to facilitate the Subscription Cancellation service. You expressly agree that we may share or otherwise provide these service providers access to your account information in order to process your Subscription Cancellation request. By requesting a Subscription Cancellation, you ( i ) represent that you have the legal capacity and authority to use this feature and to make changes to the account to which the Subscription Cancellation request relates; (ii) authorize us and our representatives to use the data you provide in connection with the Subscription Cancellation request to act as your agent, communicate with the applicable provider on your behalf to make changes to the relevant account(s), and if necessary, represent that we are making the request as or on behalf of the account holder, all solely for the purpose of completing the request; and (iii) give us express consent to cancel the designated subscription(s) on your behalf. You expressly agree that we may provide account verification details, including but not limited to your full name, service address, account number, payment verification, or security code, in order to validate the account with the third-party provider and proceed with your requested cancellation. Please note that even if we cancel a subscription on your behalf, your relationships with such third-party providers remain subject to such providers terms of service and privacy statements. When you cancel a subscription, the providers terms will govern whether you receive a refund. If you cancel a subscription during a billing period, the providers terms will govern whether you still have access to the services for the remainder of the billing period. 26. Bill Negotiation In connection with the Mint Services, we may provide you the option to use bill negotiation services (Bill Negotiation) offered and provided by The Bill Reduction Company, LLC ( Billshark ). When you choose to use Bill Negotiation, Billshark will work on your behalf to negotiate a lower price on your bills. In order to use Bill Negotiation, you will need to confirm or provide certain personal, account, and payment information to Billshark . By submitting that information and using the Bill Negotiation feature, you acknowledge and agree that your use of Bill Negotiation is governed by and subject to Billsharks Customer Agreement, in addition to this Agreement. That includes giving your express consent to any changes made to your account in order to reduce your bill, as long as the changes do not reduce the features or quality of the products you receive from that billing provider or extend the term of any contract without your express consent. To the extent you submit personal information in connection with Bill Negotiation, you expressly authorize us to securely share that information with Billshark for purposes of providing the services and processing your payment. While we may send you communications about Bill Negotiation on Billsharks behalf, for example, communications about status or billing statements, Billshark provides the Bill Negotiation services and coordinates all billing and payment processing related to Bill Negotiation. Please read the Billshark Customer Agreement carefully before deciding to use the Bill Negotiation feature. We may receive a fee from Billshark in connection with your use of the Bill Negotiation feature. We do not guarantee that any savings or particular outcome will be achieved through the Bill Negotiation Services. 27. App Store The following applies to any App Store Sourced Application accessed through or downloaded from the Apple App Store: You acknowledge and agree that ( i ) the Agreement is between you and Intuit only, and not Apple, and (ii) Intuit, not Apple, is solely responsible for the App Store Sourced Application and content thereof. Your use of the App Store Sourced Application must comply with the App Store Terms of Service. You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App Store Sourced Application. In the event of any failure of the App Store Sourced Application to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the App Store Sourced Application to you and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App Store Sourced Application. As between Intuit and Apple, any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of Intuit. You and Intuit acknowledge that, as between Intuit and Apple, Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims you have or any claims of any third party relating to the App Store Sourced Application or your possession and use of the App Store Sourced Application, including, but not limited to: ( i ) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the App Store Sourced Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. You and Intuit acknowledge that, in the event of any third -party claim that the App Store Sourced Application or your possession and use of that App Store Sourced Application infringes that third partys intellectual property rights, as between Intuit and Apple, Intuit, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by the Agreement. You and Intuit acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apples subsidiaries, are third -party beneficiaries of the Agreement as related to your license of the App Store Sourced Application, and that, upon your acceptance of the Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the Agreement as related to your license of the App Store Sourced Application against you. 