 
 Terms of Service We intend to modify our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service in the very near future to better reflect our philosophies and practices. But due to recent attention, we needed to get up some boilerplate . Thanks for your understanding! 1. Description of Service Tumblr is a web publishing service (the "Service"). You will be responsible for all activities occurring under your username and for keeping your password secure. You understand and agree that the Service is provided to you on an AS IS and AS AVAILABLE basis. Tumblr disclaims all responsibility and liability for the availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the Service or any other client software. Tumblr also reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue the Service with or without notice at any time and without any liability to you. Tumblr reserves the right to refuse service to anyone at any time without notice for any reason. 2. Proper Use You agree that you are responsible for your own use of the Service, for any posts you make, and for any consequences thereof. You agree that you will use the Service in compliance with all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations, including any laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from your country of residence and all United States export control laws. Tumblr may, in its sole discretion, modify or revise the Tumblr Terms of Service or  Privacy Policy  at any time, and you agree to be bound by such modifications or revisions. It is your obligation to periodically review these documents. Violation of any of the foregoing may result in immediate termination of this Agreement, and may subject you to state and federal penalties and other legal consequences. Tumblr reserves the right, but shall have no obligation, to investigate your use of the Service in order to (a) determine whether a violation of the Agreement has occurred or (b) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. Much of the content of Tumblr.com -- including the contents of specific postings -- is provided by and is the responsibility of the person or people who made such postings. Tumblr does not monitor the content of Tumblr.com, and takes no responsibility for such content. Instead, Tumblr merely provides access to such content as a service to you. By its very nature, Tumblr.com may carry offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate material, or in some cases, postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive. We expect that you will use caution and common sense and exercise proper judgment when using Tumblr.com. Tumblr does not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any communications posted via the Service or endorse any opinions expressed via the Service. You acknowledge that any reliance on material posted via the Service will be at your own risk. 3. Privacy As a condition of using the Service, you agree to the terms of the Tumblr  Privacy Policy , which may be updated from time to time, as expressed in the most recent version that exists at the time of your use. You agree that Tumblr may access or disclose your personal information, including the content of your communications, if Tumblr is required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process or governmental request (such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order), or as otherwise provided in these Terms of Service and the general Tumblr  Privacy Policy . Personal information collected by Tumblr may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Tumblr or its agents maintain facilities. By using the Service, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. 4. General Practices Regarding Use and Storage You agree that Tumblr has no responsibility or liability for the deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any Content and other communications maintained by the Service. Tumblr retains the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time with or without notice. 5. Content of the Service Tumblr takes no responsibility for third-party content (including, without limitation, any viruses or other disabling features), nor does Tumblr have any obligation to monitor such third-party content. Tumblr reserves the right at all times to remove or refuse to distribute any content on the Service, such as content which violates the terms of this Agreement. Tumblr also reserves the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as it reasonably believes is necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (b) enforce this Agreement, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (d) respond to user support requests, or (e) protect the rights, property or safety of Tumblr, its users and the public. Tumblr will not be responsible or liable for the exercise or non-exercise of its rights under this Agreement. 6. Intellectual Property Rights You acknowledge that Tumblr owns all right , title and interest in and to the Service, including all intellectual property rights (the "Tumblr Rights"). Tumblr Rights are protected by U.S. and international intellectual property laws. Accordingly, you agree that you will not copy, reproduce, alter, modify, or create derivative works from the Service. You also agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automated device, or manual process to monitor or copy any content from the Service. As described immediately below, Tumblr Rights do not include third-party content used as part of the Service, including the content of communications appearing on the Service. Tumblr claims no ownership or control over any Content submitted, posted or displayed by you on or through Tumblr services. You or a third party licensor, as appropriate, retain all patent, trademark and copyright to any Content you submit, post or display on or through Tumblr services and you are responsible for protecting those rights, as appropriate. By submitting, posting or displaying Content on or through Tumblr services which are intended to be available to the members of the public, you grant Tumblr a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to reproduce, publish and distribute such Content on Tumblr services for the purpose of displaying and distributing Tumblr services. Tumblr furthermore reserves the right to refuse to accept, post , display or transmit any Content in its sole discretion. You represent and warrant that you have all the rights, power and authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein to any Content submitted. 7. No Resale of the Service Unless expressly authorized in writing by Tumblr, you agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade , resell or exploit for any commercial purposes (a) any portion of the Service, (b) use of the Service, or (c) access to the Service. 8. Representations and Warranties You represent and warrant that (a) all of the information provided by you to Tumblr to participate in the Service is correct and current; and (b) you have all necessary right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the acts required of you hereunder. 9. Termination; Suspension Tumblr may, in its sole discretion, at any time and for any reason, terminate the Service, terminate this Agreement, or suspend or terminate your account. In the event of termination, your account will be disabled and you may not be granted access to your account or any files or other content contained in your account although residual copies of information may remain in our system for some time for back-up purposes. This Agreement, along with applicable provisions of the general Terms of Service (including the section regarding limitation of liability), shall survive expiration or termination. 10. Indemnification You agree to hold harmless and indemnify Tumblr, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, and employees from and against any third-party claim arising from or in any way related to your use of the Service, including any liability or expense arising from all claims, losses, damages (actual and consequential), suits, judgments, litigation costs and attorneys' fees, of every kind and nature. 11. Entire Agreement This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Tumblr and governs your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and Tumblr. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use or purchase certain other Tumblr services, affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software. 12. Waiver and Severability of Terms The failure of Tumblr to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms of Service is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms of Service remain in full force and effect. 13. Statute of Limitations You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising of or related to use of Tumblr services or the Terms of Service must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. 14. Choice of Law; Jurisdiction; Forum These Terms of Service will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions or your actual state or country of residence. Any claims, legal proceeding or litigation arising in connection with the Service will be brought solely in Santa Clara County, California, and you consent to the jurisdiction of such courts. 15. Copyright Information It is our policy to respond to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. If you believe that your copyright has been infringed on the Service, please contact us immediately at  support@tumblr.com . 