 Welcome to the Snapchat application for iPhone by Snapchat, Inc (&quot;Snapchat&quot;, &quot;we&quot;, &quot;us&quot;)! The application as a whole and all rights, titles, and interests in and to the application are owned by the Snapchat, Inc. These terms were last updated on February 20, 2013, and the Snapchat team reserves the right to change and update them without warning or notification. HAVE FUN The language below is meant to support this rule. It allows us to continue providing and improving our service, and it helps to ensure that a few mean users don't ruin the fun for everyone else. Your part in that is simple. Just use common sense - keep sending awesome snaps to your friends, and please don't send snaps that they don't want to receive (threats, harassment, racism, etc.). PLEASE REVIEW THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE APPLICATION. OUR AUDIENCE The Snapchat service is intended for use by people who are 13 years of age or older. You represent and warrant that you are at least 13 years of age. If you are under age 13, you may not, under any circumstances or for any reason, use Snapchat. We may, in our sole discretion, refuse to offer the Snapchat application to any person or entity and change its eligibility criteria at any time. You affirm that you are either more than 18 years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Use, and to abide by and comply with these Terms of Use. USAGE DATA By using the Snapchat application you agree to let Snapchat collect information about your usage of the application including interactions with messages. For example, when you open a message or capture a screenshot of a message, we detect those interactions. You agree that we will share the fact that you took these actions with the sender of the message. If you choose to Find Friends, you also agree to let Snapchat upload the address book on your device to its servers where we store this data to synch your contacts and find which of your friends are already Snapchat users. Additionally, we collect usage information and information about your device such as the model, manufacturer and OS version of device used, MAC (Media Access Control) address, device identifiers, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), and time-stamped logs of messages sent and received and data exchanges, and network status (WiFi, etc.). For more information about Snapchat's privacy practices, please review our Privacy Policy . WHAT YOU CANNOT DO WITH THE APPLICATION In addition to the other restrictions outlined in these terms, when using the Snapchat application, you agree to not: 1) Use any data mining or extraction methods in relation with the application; 2) Interfere with or hinder the operation of the application or any other individual's use of the application in any way; 3) Inflict or impose any perverse or excessive burden on the application in any way; 4) Compromise the security of the application; 5) Use the application for any purpose that is illegal, beyond the scope of the application's intended use, or prohibited in these terms; 6) Utilize the application to transmit spam, viruses, bugs or any material that could be considered racist, threatening, or unlawful in any way. ACCOUNT SECURITY After opening an account in the Snapchat mobile application (username/password) you accept all responsibility for any activity that occurs while logged into your account. Subsequently, you alone are responsible for making sure that your account information including your username and password is kept secure and safe. In the case that your Snapchat account is compromised, please notify the Snapchat team immediately at support@snapchat.com . INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Unless otherwise stated, all materials on the Snapchat mobile application, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips, and written and other materials that appear as part of the application, as well as their selection and arrangement are protected by copyright, trademark, trade dress, patent, and/or other intellectual property laws, and any unauthorized use of this content violates such laws and these terms. Except as expressly provided herein, the Snapchat team does not grant any express or implied rights to use this content. By agreeing to these terms you agree that you will not copy, reproduce, republish, frame, download, transmit, modify, display, reverse sell, or participate in any sale of, rent, lease, loan, assign, distribute, license, sublicense, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the content, the application or any related software, except as expressly provided herein. INDEMNIFICATION By agreeing to these terms you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Snapchat, Inc, its managing members, shareholders, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors and supplies from and against any and all complaints, charges, claims, damages, losses, costs, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys' fees) due to, arising out of, or relating in any way to your use of the application. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY Except where prohibited by law, in no event will Snapchat, Inc or any of its affiliated entities be liable for any indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages that result from- 1) the use of, or inability to use, the application; 2) the performance of the services and materials available from the application; or 3) the conduct of other users of the application, even if Snapchat has been advised of the possibility of such damages. You assume total responsibility for your use of the application. Your only remedy against Snapchat for dissatisfaction with the application or any content is to stop using the application. If, notwithstanding the terms, Snapchat is found liable to you for any damage or loss which arises out of or is in any way connected with your use of the application or any content, Snapchat, Inc's liability shall in no event exceed $1.00. Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations of liability, so the foregoing limitation may not apply to you. CONTROLLING LAW AND SEVERABILITY This agreement, as well as the Snapchat privacy policy, shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California. Any subsequent dispute arising under the terms of this agreement will be settled exclusively in the state/federal courts of the State of California, county of Los Angeles, and/or the Central District of California. SPECIAL NOTE TO INTERNATIONAL USERS The Snapchat Sites and Services are hosted in the United States and are intended for and directed to Users in the United States. If you are a User accessing the Snapchat Sites and Services from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Snapchat Sites and Services, which are governed by U.S. law, this Privacy Notice, and our Terms of Service, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer. COMPLETE AGREEMENT These terms supersede all prior understandings regarding the same and represent the complete agreement between you and the Snapchat team. No changes or amendments to these terms will be binding unless in writing and signed by us. QUESTIONS AND COMMENTS The Snapchat team welcomes any comments, questions, concerns, or suggestions that you might have. Please send all feedback to support@snapchat.com. . 