 
 Nextdoor Member Agreement Welcome to Nextdoor! This agreement (Agreement) describes your rights and responsibilities related to your use of Nextdoors website, mobile apps, and services as a registered Nextdoor member, and what you can expect from us. By creating your Nextdoor account, clicking continue or by otherwise indicating that you agree, you are agreeing to these terms, so please take a moment to read this legally binding Agreement. If you use any Nextdoor website or mobile app but are not a registered member (each, a visitor), by using the website or mobile app, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. Nextdoor is the private social network for neighborhoods; we hope that neighbors everywhere will use the Nextdoor platform to build stronger and safer neighborhoods around the world. We use Nextdoor here to refer to the Nextdoor websites and our iOS and Android apps (also referred to as our Services). We also use Nextdoor, we, us and our to refer to the companies operating our Services. If you live in the United States, the Services are operated and provided to you by Nextdoor, Inc., 875 Stevenson Street, Suite 700, San Francisco, CA 94103. If you live in the EU or elsewhere outside the United States, the Services are operated and provided to you by Nextdoor EMEA Limited, an Irish registered company, Digital Depot, Thomas Street West, Dublin 8, Ireland. IMPORTANT: US MEMBERS AND VISITORS, PLEASE REVIEW THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT SET FORTH BELOW CAREFULLY, AS IT WILL REQUIRE YOU TO RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH NEXTDOOR ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS THROUGH FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. 1. Eligibility. Each person is limited to one account per residence, and you may not share your account password with anyone else (even a family member sharing your home) or allow someone else to use your personal account. Specialized accounts (such as Business Pages) are allowed to authorize more than one representative of their business or organization to utilize their account password for use in their official capacity. When you register for Nextdoor you must use your real name, not a pseudonym, except in circumstances that, in Nextdoors sole judgment, warrant an exception. You may not use our Services if: (1) you are a resident of the United States and are under 13 years old, or if you are a resident of the EU and are under 16 years old, (or do not meet applicable age requirements to use social media services where you live); (2) you are a registered sex offender or share a household with one; (3) we previously disabled your account for violations of our terms or policies; or (4) you are prohibited from receiving our Services or platform under applicable law. If you are under the age of eighteen (18), you represent that a parent or legal guardian also agrees to this Agreement on your behalf and that you are fully able and competent to enter into this Agreement. We need your help to enforce these eligibility requirements. If you believe that a member in your neighborhood does not meet these eligibility requirements, you may report your concerns to us via our Help Center. Nextdoor reserves the right to refuse registration to any person or household and to suspend, delete or deactivate your account or limit your privileges at any time, without liability to you. 2. Accurate Registration. Submitting inaccurate registration information, registering if you know you dont meet our eligibility requirements, or otherwise providing false registration information is a violation of this Agreement and could constitute a crime. 3. Account Types. Nextdoor offers personal accounts to individual residential members, and special, restricted-functionality accounts to government agencies, such as city offices or police or fire departments, and to businesses, nonprofits, news media, and other organizations. Special accounts agree to additional terms and are limited in the conversations they can see. Special accounts cant access private messages that do not include them. Please note, not all Nextdoor account types and features are available in all locations. 4. Preferences. By default, you will receive notifications from Nextdoor about posts from neighbors, and from other Nextdoor members in your local area, and from government agencies. You may also opt in to various interests for which you will then receive notifications. You can change your preferences about receiving messages from government agencies, businesses, or other organizations here, and customize your default and opt-in neighborhood notification settings here. 5. Privacy. Our Privacy Policy explains how we handle members and visitors personal information. By using Nextdoor, you acknowledge that you have read the Privacy Policy. The Services, including any personalized Services, cannot be provided and the Agreement cannot be performed without Nextdoor processing data about you and other members and visitors. The provision of personalized content and ads is essential to the provision of our Services and a core part of our agreement with you. In particular, in order to provide our Services on a continuous and consistent basis under this Agreement, it is necessary for us to provide and personalize advertising based on your use of Nextdoor, including with information regarding your interests and your on-site and off-site actions. 6. Note to Non-US Residents. For the purposes of the EU data protection law, Nextdoor EMEA Limited is the controller of the personal data of non-US members and visitors collected, used and shared through the Services. Nextdoor may transfer personal data outside the EU in accordance with law, in particular to Nextdoor, Inc. in the US. If you are a non-US member or visitor, then by continuing to use Nextdoor, you acknowledge that we may transfer and store your data outside your home country, including to and in the US in order to provide the Services. The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your personal information in the countries to which we transfer data may not be the same as in your home country. Nextdoor will only transfer personal data as permitted by law, and will take steps intended to ensure appropriate protection of your personal information; please review our Privacy Policy for details. If you have questions, please contact us. 7. Content. You retain all ownership rights to the text, photos, video, responses and other content you submit to Nextdoor (collectively, your Content). You give us permission, in the form of a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, and worldwide license, to use, copy, and publish your Content based on your Nextdoor settings and the selections you make when posting and as otherwise described in our Privacy Policy. This means, for example, if you post a comment on Nextdoor, you give us permission to store, copy, and share it with others (consistent with your settings), such as with service providers that support our Services. Do not provide us with any Content that you dont have the right to publish, or that is defamatory, infringing, illegal or otherwise tortious. We do not proactively moderate Content posted by members; however, we can remove Content posted by you, suspend, delete or deactivate your account or limit privileges, or otherwise refuse service to you, if you violate this Agreement or our other policies, or infringe intellectual property, or otherwise engage in behavior that we think harms a Nextdoor neighborhood. 8. Permission to Use Content in Connection with Ads and Sponsored Posts. You give us permission to use your name and profile picture, and information about actions you have taken on Nextdoor next to or in connection with ads, offers and other sponsored content we display in connection with our Services, with no additional compensation to you. For example, we may use your name and profile picture to show your nearby neighbors that you have liked, commented on or recommended a business or brand that has paid us to display its ads, offers or other sponsored content on Nextdoor. We may also post and re-post these likes, comments, recommendations and other interactions, along with your name and profile picture, in different areas of the Services from time to time. For example, if you recommend a business, that recommendation will appear in your feed, may later be re-posted from time to time in connection with that businesss other ads on Nextdoor, and may also appear in lists of Nextdoor member recommendations featured on the businesss Business Pages. 9. Be A Good Neighbor. At Nextdoor, we believe that neighborly behavior is the foundation of healthy communities. This Agreement includes our Community Guidelines on appropriate use of Nextdoor. 10. Respect Your Neighbors Privacy. We believe that providing neighbors with a place where they can communicate privately among themselves will help them to build a stronger community. This is why we restrict who can access your neighborhood. In order to ensure that the privacy expectations of neighbors are respected, you may not: a) share with a third party or post a neighbors information (e.g. name, address, phone number, email address) without their permission; b) repost information or Content posted on Nextdoor without the posting members permission; c) repost (either on or outside of Nextdoor) the content of another members private message without the authors permission; or d) gather, collect or aggregate information from Nextdoor, either manually or by using automation (such as through scripts, robots, crawlers, spiders or similar technologies) for use outside of Nextdoor or attempt to access information you do not have permission to access. 11. Transactions with Other Members. Our Community Guidelines outline our expectations regarding appropriate use of Nextdoor, including how members interact with each other. In using Nextdoor and its member-to-member transactional features (such as For Sale &amp; Free), you, and not Nextdoor, are responsible for your own decisions and actions. Your use of Business Pages or any similar feature does not make us an employer, placement agency, representative, or agent of or for you or any other neighbor or service provider. If you and another member decide to work together, the two of you, and not Nextdoor, are responsible for complying with any laws that might apply, such as tax or employment laws. Nextdoor is not a party to transactions or disputes between members. If you write a recommendation or other comment about a transaction with a neighbor or their business (for example, a recommendation of a tutor), be truthful, fair and neighborly in your comments, and do not post any of their personal information (e.g., address, mobile number, or photos) without their permission. 12. Neighborhood Leads. Some members, known as Leads, are provided with additional account features to use to support their neighborhood; they are not Nextdoor employees, representatives, or agents. To learn more about Leads, click here. Nextdoor does not interview, run background checks on, monitor, supervise, or control Nextdoor members, including those who are granted Lead status. 13. Feedback. Please feel free to share any feedback, suggestions, or ideas you have about Nextdoor with us, so long as you understand we may have already had the same idea, and you agree that we are free to use any feedback you voluntarily provide with no restriction or obligation (payment or otherwise) to you. 14. Text Messaging Alerts. If you use our urgent alert text messaging service, note that the alerts are not intended to replace any primary phone service, such as a traditional landline or mobile phone that may be used to contact emergency services. Nextdoor does not charge for sending text messages, but your carrier may charge you. Alerts sent via SMS may not be delivered if your phone is not in range of a transmission site, or if sufficient network capacity is not available at a particular time; furthermore, within a coverage area, factors beyond the control of the users wireless carrier may interfere with message delivery, including equipment, terrain, proximity to buildings, foliage, and weather. You acknowledge that urgent alerts may not be timely received and that your wireless carrier does not guarantee that alerts will be delivered. By using our urgent alert text messaging service, you agree to adhere to the urgent alert rules described here. 15. Copyright and DMCA. If you believe Content on Nextdoor infringes your copyright, you can reach our notification agent at Nextdoor, Inc., 875 Stevenson Street, Suite 700, San Francisco, CA 94103. Phone: +1 415-569-7971. Email: copyright@nextdoor.com. If you are in the U.S., your notice must satisfy the requirements enumerated in 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(3). 16. Parental Controls. Parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software, or filtering services) may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to or inappropriate for minors. You can find more information about parental controls by reviewing the system preferences, settings, and help documentation for your computer or mobile device. 17. Restrictions from Our Licensors. Some of the information and services available through Nextdoor are licensed from third parties and covered by these third-party terms and disclosures. 18. Using Our App. If you download and install the Nextdoor app, we give you a limited, revocable, non-transferable license to use it only to access and use Nextdoor on your own behalf through your iOS or Android product; additional terms may apply from the site you download it from (Apple App Store or Google Play store) or the manufacturers of your device or software. 19. Liability Limits. WE AND OUR SUPPLIERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (HOWEVER ARISING, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH NEXTDOOR, INCLUDING THE NEXTDOOR SERVICES, OUR SOFTWARE, YOUR USE OF NEXTDOOR OR ANY NEXTDOOR SERVICE, OR THIS AGREEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL NEXTDOOR OR OUR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR MORE THAN $100. Some jurisdictions do not allow damages exclusions, so such exclusions may not apply to you. 20. Governing Law. This Agreement is governed by California law, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles, except as may be otherwise provided in the Arbitration Agreement section of this Agreement. However, the governing law provision regarding the interpretation of this Agreement is not intended to create any other substantive right to non-Californians to assert claims under California law whether that be by statute, common law, or otherwise. This section is only intended to specify the use of California law to interpret this Agreement. Some jurisdictions (including the European Union but specifically excluding the United States) provide consumers with mandatory rights that cannot be excluded via choice of law; if you are in such a jurisdiction, the preceding sentence does not affect those rights. If you are a member or visitor based in the EU, then Irish law shall apply to this Agreement. 21. Venue and Jurisdiction for Non-U.S. Members and Visitors. If you are a member or visitor based in the EU, then Irish courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear disputes arising in relation to the Agreement. Despite this, your local laws in your EU Member State may allow you to sue Nextdoor in your Member State and to invoke certain local laws against Nextdoor. 22. Dispute Resolution. If you have a dispute with Nextdoor, you agree to contact us and try to resolve the dispute informally before pursuing other avenues. 23. Arbitration Agreement for U.S. Members and Visitors: If you are a member or visitor based in the U.S., you and Nextdoor agree to the arbitration and dispute resolution terms in this section (the Arbitration Agreement). For the purposes of this Arbitration Agreement, references to Nextdoor, you, we and us include our respective subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, employers, partners, shareholders, predecessors in interest, successors, assigns, and heirs. We encourage you to read these important terms, which include an arbitration requirement (except for small claims) and require claims to be brought individually, and include instructions for how to opt out if you do not agree. a) Applicability. You agree that any dispute or claim relating in any way to your access or use of the Nextdoors website, mobile apps, and service, or to any aspect of your relationship with Nextdoor, will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. b) Arbitration Rules and Forum. The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement. To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to Nextdoor, Inc., 875 Stevenson Street, Suite 700, San Francisco, CA 94103, attn: Legal Department. The arbitration will be conducted by JAMS, an established alternative dispute resolution provider. Disputes involving claims and counterclaims under $250,000, not inclusive of attorneys fees and interest, shall be subject to JAMSs most current version of the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and procedures available at https://www.jamsadr.com/rules-streamlined-arbitration/; all other claims shall be subject to JAMSs most current version of the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures, available at https://www.jamsadr.com/rules-comprehensive-arbitration/. JAMSs rules are also available at https://www.jamsadr.com or by calling JAMS at 800-352-5267. If JAMS is not available to arbitrate, the parties will select an alternative arbitral forum. If the arbitrator finds that you cannot afford to pay JAMSs filing, administrative, hearing and/or other fees and cannot obtain a waiver from JAMS, Nextdoor will pay them for you. In addition, Nextdoor will reimburse all such JAMSs filing, administrative, hearing and/or other fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person or at another mutually agreed location. Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. c) Authority of Arbitrator. The arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to (i) determine the scope and enforceability of this Arbitration Agreement and (ii) resolve any dispute related to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of this Arbitration Agreement including, but not limited to, any claim that all or any part of this Arbitration Agreement is void or voidable. The arbitration will decide the rights and liabilities, if any, of you and Nextdoor. The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim. The arbitrator shall have the authority to award monetary damages and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the arbitral forums rules, and the Agreement (including the Arbitration Agreement). The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and us. d) Waiver of Jury Trial. YOU AND NEXTDOOR HEREBY WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is subject to very limited review. e) Waiver of Class or Other Non-Individualized Relief. ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS OR COLLECTIVE BASIS, ONLY INDIVIDUAL RELIEF IS AVAILABLE, AND CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER. If a decision is issued stating that applicable law precludes enforcement of any of this subsections limitations as to a given claim for relief, then the claim must be severed from the arbitration and brought into the federal or state court located in San Francisco, California. All other claims shall be arbitrated. f) 30-Day Right to Opt Out. You have the right to opt out of the provisions of this Agreement that mandate arbitration by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to: legal@nextdoor.com, within 30 days after first becoming subject to a version of this Agreement containing an arbitration provision. Your notice must include your name and address, your Nextdoor username (if any), the email address you used to set up your Nextdoor account (if you have one), and an unequivocal statement that you want to opt out of this Arbitration Agreement. If you opt out of arbitration, all other parts of this Agreement will continue to apply to you. Opting out of arbitration has no effect on any other arbitration agreements that you may currently have, or may enter in the future, with us. g) Survival of Agreement. This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with Nextdoor. h) Modification. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, we agree that if Nextdoor makes any future material change to this Arbitration Agreement, you may reject that change within thirty (30) days of such change becoming effective by writing Nextdoor at the following address: legal@nextdoor.com. 24. Integration. To the extent applicable to you, this Agreement includes our terms of service addendum for public agencies, our community guidelines, and our business addendum. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and us with respect to our Services, and supersedes any other agreements or understandings (oral or written). We can amend this Agreement and any additional terms by notifying you of the changes (for example, by emailing you, or by posting an amendment notice in your neighborhoods news feed). If you keep using Nextdoor after the amendment is effective, you accept and are bound by the new terms; if you disagree with the new terms, you should stop using Nextdoor and delete your account. 25. No Warranty. NEXTDOOR AND THE ASSOCIATED SOFTWARE AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED AS IS. We do not promise that any aspect of our software or service will work properly or continuously. We may add, change, or discontinue product features; if you are dissatisfied, your only remedy is to stop using Nextdoor or the affected feature. Some jurisdictions do not allow warranty exclusions, so they may not apply to you. 26. Indemnity. If someone brings a claim against Nextdoor (whether against the company or any of its employees, directors, or officers) based on a harm you caused, you agree to reimburse us for any costs we incur in defending against that claim, including reasonable attorneys fees as well as damages. 27. Disputes Between Members; Waiver of Claims Against Nextdoor. In the real world and online, neighbors sometimes disagree. If you have a dispute with another Nextdoor member, we hope that you will be able to work it out amicably. However, if you cannot, please understand that Nextdoor is not responsible for the actions of its members; each member is responsible for their own actions and behavior, whether using Nextdoor or chatting over the back fence. Accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you release us (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. If you are a California resident, you hereby waive California Civil Code 1542, which says: A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or releasing party. 28. General. This agreement does not create any agency, partnership, joint venture, joint controllership, employment or franchise relationship. To the extent allowed by applicable law, the English version of this Agreement is binding and other translations are for convenience only. Except as provided in subsection (e) of this Arbitration Agreement, if any part or parts of this Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. Our failure to act in a particular circumstance does not waive our right to act with respect to that or other circumstances. We shall be excused for any problem due to a circumstance beyond our reasonable control. You represent and warrant that you are not (i) located in a country that is subject to a U.S., Irish or EU, Government embargo or has been designated by the U.S. Government as a terrorist supporting country; and (ii) listed on any U.S., Irish, or EU Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. 