 
 Nextdoor Member Agreement Welcome to Nextdoor.com! This agreement describes your rights and responsibilities as a Nextdoor.com member and what you can expect from us. Eligibility and Address Verification. Each person can only have one account, and you may not share your account password with anyone else (even a family member living in your home with you). Nextdoor members use their real names, not pseudonyms. If you are under 13 years old, do not use our website or provide any data to us. Our website seeks to allow neighbors to communicate amongst themselves. You may obtain a Nextdoor account only for the neighborhood where you live, and we require members to verify their residency. It is not OK to join a neighborhood where you do not reside or to submit inaccurate registration information. Providing false registration information violates our norms and could constitute a crime. Although we make efforts to verify members residency, please do not assume our verification processes are perfect. Third Party Marketing. We know that you do not want marketing from third parties just because you join a neighborhood website, so we do not turn over your personally identifiable information to third party marketers. See our full privacy policy. Content. You retain all ownership rights to the text, photos, video and other content you submit to Nextdoor.com (collectively, your Content). We can publish your Content in your neighborhood website or to nearby neighborhoods as described in our privacy policy. You may not provide us with any Content you dont have the right to publish or that is defamatory, infringing, illegal or otherwise tortious. If you believe Content on Nextdoor.com infringes your copyright, you can reach our notification agent at Nextdoor.com, Inc., 101 Spear Street, Suite 230, San Francisco, CA 94105. Phone: 415-236-0000. Fax: 415-344-0303. Email: copyright@nextdoor.com. Your notice must satisfy the requirements enumerated in 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(3). Parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software, or filtering services) may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. You can find some current providers of such protections at http://kids.getnetwise.org/tools/. Restrictions from Our Licensors. Some neighborhood names and boundaries on Nextdoor.com are licensed from Maponics. You may not directly or indirectly sell, distribute, reverse engineer, or sublicense any Maponics content (or any portion thereof) or use such content other than as part of our services. This data is  Maponics 2011, and duplication is strictly prohibited. Parcel location and boundary information on neighborhood maps is licensed from Digital Map Products for use on our site only. You may not sublicense, resell, or otherwise such data to any third party; it is only for your internal personal use. Account Termination. We can cancel or suspend your account or other privileges, or otherwise refuse service to you, if you violate this agreement or our other policies, infringe IP repeatedly, or engage in unneighborly behavior via the website. Liability Limits. WE AND OUR SUPPLIERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (HOWEVER ARISING, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH NEXTDOOR.COM, OUR SERVICES OR THIS AGREEMENT. WE AND OUR SUPPLIERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR MORE THAN $100. Some jurisdictions do not allow damages exclusions, so they may not apply to you. Governing Law/Arbitration. This agreement is governed by California law as it applies to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within California between California residents. Any claim or dispute regarding Nextdoor.com must be resolved exclusively by a federal or state court located in San Francisco, California, except as otherwise agreed by the parties or as described in the next paragraph. You submit to the personal jurisdiction of courts located in San Francisco, California for litigating such claims or disputes. For any claim (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) where the total relief sought is less than $10,000, the party seeking relief may choose binding non-appearance-based arbitration through an established alternative dispute resolution provider mutually agreed upon by the parties. The arbitration must be conducted via only a combination of phone, the Internet and written submissions (the party initiating arbitration may select the specific manner); the arbitration shall not involve personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed; and the arbitrators judgment may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Integration. This agreement and our privacy policy (which is hereby incorporated into this agreement) constitute the entire agreement, and supersede any other agreements or understandings (oral or written), between you and us with respect to their subject matters. We can amend this agreement or the privacy policy by posting an amendment notice in your neighborhood news feed, which means well also send an email announcement to you unless we let you opt-out of such email and youve done so; and you can terminate your account if you disagree with the new terms. Otherwise, this agreement may be amended only by a writing physically signed by both us and you. Our suppliers are third-party beneficiaries of this agreement, but no one else is. No Warranty. NEXTDOOR.COM AND ITS SERVICES ARE PROVIDED AS IS. We do not promise that any aspect of the site or our system will work properly or continuously. Some jurisdictions do not allow warranty exclusions, so they may not apply to you. If you have a dispute with a neighbor, you release us (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code 1542, which says: A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor. General. This agreement does not create any agency, partnership, joint venture, employment or franchise relationship. Any unenforceable portion of this agreement shall be enforced to the maximum extent possible, and the remaining portions shall be given full effect. Our failure to act in a particular circumstance does not waive our right to act with respect to that or other circumstances. We shall be excused for any problem due to a circumstance beyond our control. 