 
 Nextdoor Member Agreement Welcome to Nextdoor! This agreement describes your rights and responsibilities in your use of Nextdoors website, mobile apps, and service, both as a visitor and as a registered Nextdoor member, and what you can expect from us. By clicking I accept or by accessing Nextdoors website, apps, or service (Nextdoor or our Services), you are agreeing to these terms, so please take a moment to read this legally binding agreement. We also use Nextdoor to refer to the companies operating our Services, which are Nextdoor.com, Inc. in the United States and Nextdoor EMEA Limited in other countries. If you reside in the United States, your agreement is with Nextdoor.com, Inc.; if you reside outside of the United States, your agreement is with Nextdoor EMEA Limited, an Irish registered company (together, Nextdoor or we). Eligibility. Each person can only have one account per residence, and you may not share your account password with anyone else (even a family member sharing your home) or allow someone else to use your account. You must use your real name, not a pseudonym. If you are under 13 years old (or any older age of consent required to use social media services where you live), do not use our services or provide any data to us. Convicted sex offenders, including registered sex offenders, and their households are not eligible for Nextdoor accounts; and we may also deny other account registrations we think would harm a Nextdoor neighborhood. Address Verification. It is not OK to submit inaccurate registration information. Providing false registration information violates our norms and could constitute a crime. Although we make efforts to verify your neighbor status (for example, by sending a verification postcard to the address you provide), and to use public registries to identify and block registered sex offenders in the United States (and other countries where permitted), please do not assume our verification processes are perfect. Agency Accounts and Organizational Accounts. Nextdoor provides government entities, such as city offices or police or fire departments, with restricted-functionality agency accounts. Agency accounts can post to a broad area, see replies to their posts, and receive private messages from neighbor members; however, among other restrictions, they cannot see neighborhood discussions, nor can they access private messages between neighbors. You can opt out of receiving messages from government entities at https://nextdoor.com/email_prefs/. Nextdoor provides agency members with some aggregated statistics about neighborhood activity and size; we may also provide them with the names of neighborhood Leads and the ability to communicate directly with them. Nextdoor may offer similar accounts to businesses, nonprofits, and other organizations. These accounts do not have access to neighborhood discussions or to messages between neighbor members. You can make choices about receiving messages from organizations at https://nextdoor.com/email_prefs/. Nextdoor provides organizational members with some aggregated statistics about neighborhood activity and size. Preferences. By default, we subscribe you to messages both for your neighborhood and nearby neighborhoods. You can customize your neighborhood subscriptions at https://nextdoor.com/nearby_neighborhoods_prefs/. Privacy and Data. We know that you do not want marketing from third parties just because you join a neighborhood website, so we do not turn over your personal information to third-party marketers without your express consent. Our full privacy policy explains how we handle member and visitor data collected and generated in the course of visiting or using Nextdoor. Please read it, as it forms part of this agreement. (Note to non-U.S. residents: Nextdoor is a U.S.-based service, so when you use Nextdoor, you understand and agree that your information may be used in the U.S. or the other countries from which we support our non-U.S. operations; these countries may be less protective of consumer privacy, data, and data access than your home country. Please see our privacy policy for details.) Content. You retain all ownership rights to the text, photos, video and other content you submit to Nextdoor (collectively, your Content). You give us permission, in the form of a nonexclusive worldwide license, to use, copy, and publish your Content as described in our privacy policy. You can set the publication levels for your Content (e.g., in your neighborhood, or more broadly to nearby neighborhoods), with certain exceptions. Please review the privacy policy for more detail. For some Content (for example, Event listings), the posting member can set the publication level at public, which makes some aspects of that item (for example, the Event date, time, location and description) visible to non-members outside Nextdoor. Do not provide us with any Content that you dont have the right to publish, or that is defamatory, infringing, illegal or otherwise tortious; please review our Guidelines for Neighborly Behavior and support materials if you have questions about what Content is or is not appropriate. Copyright. If you believe Content on Nextdoor infringes your copyright, you can reach our notification agent at Nextdoor.com, Inc., 760 Market Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94102. Phone: +1 415-236-0000. Fax: +1 415-344-0303. Email: copyright@nextdoor.com. If you are in the US, your notice must satisfy the requirements enumerated in 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(3). Parental Controls. Parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software, or filtering services) may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to or inappropriate for minors. You can find more information about such protections by reviewing the system preferences, settings, and help documentation for your computer or mobile device. Restrictions from Our Licensors. Some of the information and services available through Nextdoor are licensed from third parties and covered by additional terms and disclosures, which are posted here and incorporated by reference into this member agreement. Using Our App. If you download and install the Nextdoor app, we give you a limited non-transferable license to use it only to access and use Nextdoor on your own behalf through your iOS or Android product, subject to any usage rules or other requirements applicable under the Apple App Store or Google Play terms. Be A Good Neighbor. At Nextdoor, we believe that neighborly behavior is the foundation of healthy communities. Our Guidelines for Neighborly Behavior outline our expectations regarding appropriate use of Nextdoor. We can suspend, delete or deactivate your account or other privileges, or otherwise refuse service to you, if you violate this agreement or our other policies, or infringe intellectual property, or otherwise engage in behavior that we think harms a Nextdoor neighborhood. Nextdoor Now. The Nextdoor Now feature, where available, is intended to help connect Nextdoor members who offer babysitting, tutoring, handyman work, and other services to fellow Nextdoor members. You must be at least 18 years old (or the legal age of majority in your area, if different) to use Nextdoor Now; or, if you are over 13 years old (or other applicable local age, where older) but have not yet reached the age of majority, you must review the Member Agreement with your parent/guardian and have their permission to use Nextdoor and Nextdoor Now, and you must keep them informed about your use of it. If you have any felony convictions, or have a non-felony conviction (or are under a restraining order) that involves endangerment, abuse, neglect, violence, fraud, larceny, drugs, negligence, or harm to a person or property, or are awaiting trial for any of the foregoing, then you are ineligible and must not use Nextdoor Now. If the foregoing applies to anyone in your household, you may not provide Nextdoor Now services in your home. We reserve the right to waive or modify our Nextdoor Now eligibility requirements in individual instances where we determine in our discretion that doing so would be in the best interests of the neighborhood. Interacting with Other Neighbors. You agree to use Nextdoors member-to-member transactional features, such as Classifieds or Nextdoor Now, for their intended purpose only, and you acknowledge that your account is for your personal use only. Our Guidelines for Neighborly Behavior outline our expectations regarding appropriate use of Nextdoor; please review the FAQ for guidance. If you write a recommendation about another neighbor or a business (for example, a recommendation of a tutor), be fair and neighborly in your comments, and do not post any personal information (e.g., address, mobile number, or photos) that isnt already part of their business or Nextdoor Now profile. You understand that you are responsible for your Content and actions, and for making your own decisions about whether and how to interact or work with neighbors you meet through Nextdoor. Nextdoor does not interview, run background checks on, monitor, supervise, or control Nextdoor members, and use of Nextdoor Now or any similar feature does not make us an employer, placement agency, representative, or agent of/for you or any other neighbor. You and your neighbor, rather than Nextdoor, are responsible for complying with the laws, such as tax or employment laws, applicable to transactions between you. We are not a party to transactions or disputes between neighbors. Text Messaging Alerts. If you use our text messaging service, note that text message alerts are not intended to replace any primary phone service, such as a traditional landline or mobile phone that may be used to contact emergency services. Nextdoor does not charge for sending text messages, but your carrier may charge you. Alerts sent via SMS may not be delivered if your phone is not in range of a transmission site, or if sufficient network capacity is not available at a particular time; furthermore, within a coverage area, factors beyond the control of the users wireless carrier may interfere with message delivery, including equipment, terrain, proximity to buildings, foliage, and weather. You acknowledge that urgent alerts may not be timely received and that your wireless carrier does not guarantee that alerts will be delivered. Liability Limits. WE AND OUR SUPPLIERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (HOWEVER ARISING, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH NEXTDOOR, INCLUDING THE NEXTDOOR SERVICES, OUR SOFTWARE, YOUR USE OF NEXTDOOR OR ANY NEXTDOOR SERVICE, OR THIS AGREEMENT. WE AND OUR SUPPLIERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR MORE THAN $100. Some jurisdictions do not allow damages exclusions, so they may not apply to you. Governing Law; Dispute Resolution. This agreement is governed by California law as it applies to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within California between California residents. If you reside in the United States, click here to learn about the arbitration terms applicable to you. If you are a United States resident, to the extent any claim or dispute regarding Nextdoor isnt arbitrable (or eligible for small claims court), or if you reside outside of the United States: you and Nextdoor both agree that any claim or dispute regarding Nextdoor will be resolved exclusively by a federal or state court located in San Francisco, California, and we each agree and submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of those courts for litigating such claims or disputes. Integration. This agreement includes the third-party terms and disclosures and our privacy policy (each of which is hereby incorporated into and made part of this agreement) and constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes any other agreements or understandings (oral or written), between you and us with respect to their subject matters. Some Nextdoor account types (such as agency or organization accounts), special features, or members (such as U.S. residents covered by the U.S.-specific dispute resolution terms) may be covered by additional terms; to the extent that any of these additional terms apply to you (because, for example, you have an agency or organization account, or use special features, or reside in the U.S.), they are incorporated herein and made part of this agreement. We can amend this agreement, any additional terms, or the privacy policy by notifying you of the changes (for example, by emailing you, or by posting an amendment notice in your neighborhoods news feed). If you disagree with the new terms, you should stop using Nextdoor and delete your account. No Warranty. NEXTDOOR AND THE ASSOCIATED SOFTWARE AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED AS IS. We do not promise that any aspect of our software or service will work properly or continuously. We may add, change, or discontinue product features; if you are dissatisfied, you can opt not to use Nextdoor or the affected feature. Some jurisdictions do not allow warranty exclusions, so they may not apply to you. Member Disputes. If you have a dispute with a Nextdoor member, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you release us (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code 1542, which says: A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor. General. This agreement does not create any agency, partnership, joint venture, employment or franchise relationship. To the extent allowed by applicable law, the English version of this Agreement is binding and other translations are for convenience only. Any unenforceable portion of this agreement shall be enforced to the maximum extent possible, and the remaining portions shall be given full effect. Our failure to act in a particular circumstance does not waive our right to act with respect to that or other circumstances. We shall be excused for any problem due to a circumstance beyond our reasonable control. You represent and warrant that you are not (i) located in a country that is subject to a U.S., Irish or EU, Government embargo or has been designated by the U.S. Government as a terrorist supporting country; and (ii) listed on any U.S., Irish, or EU Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. Last updated: December 29, 2015. 