 
 Nextdoor Member Agreement Welcome to Nextdoor! This agreement (Agreement) describes your rights and responsibilities in your use of Nextdoors website, mobile apps, and service, as a registered Nextdoor member, and what you can expect from us. By clicking I accept or by otherwise indicating that you agree, you are agreeing to these terms, so please take a moment to read this legally binding agreement. If you are a visitor to the Nextdoor website but not a registered member, by browsing or interacting with the parts of the website that we make available to visitors, you agree to be bound by terms of this Agreement. Nextdoor is the private social network for neighborhoods; we hope that neighbors everywhere will use the Nextdoor platform to build stronger and safer neighborhoods around the world. We use Nextdoor here to refer to the Nextdoor websites and our iOS and Android apps (also referred to as our Services) that provide you with access to that platform. We also use Nextdoor to refer to the companies operating our Services. If you live in the United States, the Services are operated and provided to you by Nextdoor.com, Inc., 875 Stevenson Street, Suite 700, San Francisco, CA 94103. If you live in the EU or elsewhere outside the United States, Nextdoor is operated and provided to you by Nextdoor EMEA Limited, an Irish registered company, Digital Depot, Thomas Street West, Dublin 8, Ireland. Eligibility. Each person is limited to one account per residence, and you may not share your account password with anyone else (even a family member sharing your home) or allow someone else to use your personal account. Specialized accounts (such as Local Pages) are allowed to authorize more than one representative of their business or organization to utilize their account password for use in their official capacity. When you register for Nextdoor you must use your real name, not a pseudonym, except in circumstances that, in Nextdoors sole judgment, warrant an exception. If you are a resident of the United States and are under 13 years old, or if you are a resident of the EU and are under 16 years old, (or any other age required to use social media services where you live), do not use our services or provide any data to us. Registered sex offenders and their households are not eligible for Nextdoor accounts. Nextdoor also reserves the right to refuse registration to any person or household and to suspend, delete or deactivate your account or limit your privileges, without liability to you. We do our best to enforce these eligibility requirements, but please do not assume these processes are perfect. If you believe that a member in your neighborhood does not meet these eligibility requirements, you may report your concerns to us via our Help Center. Address Verification. It is not acceptable to submit inaccurate registration information, or to register if you know you dont meet our eligibility requirements. Providing false registration information is a violation of this Agreement and could constitute a crime. Account Types. Nextdoor offers personal accounts to individual residential members, and special, restricted-functionality accounts to government agencies, such as city offices or police or fire departments, and to businesses, nonprofits, news media, and other organizations. Special accounts agree to additional terms and are limited in the conversations they can see. They can not access private messages that do not include them. Please note, not all Nextdoor account types and features are available in all locations. Preferences. By default, you will receive notifications from Nextdoor about posts from neighbors, and from other Nextdoor members in your local area, and from government agencies. You may also opt in to various Interests for which you will then receive notifications.You can change your preferences about receiving messages from government agencies, businesses, or other organizations here, and customize your default and opt-in neighborhood notification settings here. Privacy. We know that you do not want spam or marketing phone calls from third parties, so we will never sell, or rent your contact information to third parties, and we wont share it with a third party unless we have your authorization or unless they are acting on our behalf to provide a specific aspect of the our Services. Similarly, it is never OK for you to give, sell or rent your neighbors information from Nextdoor to third parties. The Services, including any personalized services, cannot be provided and the Agreement cannot be performed without Nextdoor processing data about you and other members and visitors. The provision of personalized content and ads is essential to the provision of our Services and a core part of our contract with you. Our privacy policy explains how we handle member and visitor data collected and generated in the course of visiting or using Nextdoor. By joining Nextdoor, you acknowledge you have read the privacy policy. Note to Non-US Residents. For the purposes of the EU data protection law, Nextdoor EMEA Limited is the controller of the personal data of non-US members and visitors collected, used and shared through the Services. Nextdoor may transfer personal data outside the EU in accordance with law. If you are a non-US member or visitor, then by continuing to use Nextdoor, you acknowledge that we may transfer and store your data outside your home country, including to and in the US, as described in our privacy policy. The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your personal information in the countries to which we transfer data may not be the same as in your home country; Nextdoor will only transfer personal data as permitted by law, and will take steps intended to ensure appropriate protection of your personal information; please review our privacy policy for details. If you have questions, please contact us. Content. You retain all ownership rights to the text, photos, video, responses and other content you submit to Nextdoor (collectively, your Content). You give us permission, in the form of a non exclusive worldwide license, to use, copy, and publish your Content based on your Nextdoor settings and the selections you make when posting and as otherwise described in our privacy policy. If you share another persons contact information with us, for example in order to invite that person to Nextdoor on your behalf, you are granting us permission to contact that person. Be A Good Neighbor. At Nextdoor, we believe that neighborly behavior is the foundation of healthy communities. Our Community Guidelines outline our expectations regarding appropriate use of Nextdoor. Do not provide us with any Content that you dont have the right to publish, or that is defamatory, infringing, illegal or otherwise tortious. We do not proactively screen or monitor Content posted by members; however, we can remove Content posted by you, suspend, delete or deactivate your account or limit privileges, or otherwise refuse service to you, if you violate this agreement or our other policies, or infringe intellectual property, or otherwise engage in behavior that we think harms a Nextdoor neighborhood. Respect Your Neighbors Privacy. We believe that providing neighbors with a place where they can communicate privately amongst themselves will help them to build a stronger community. This is why we restrict who can access your neighborhood. In order to ensure that the privacy expectations of neighbors are respected, you may not: share or post a neighbors private information, e.g. name, address, phone number, email address, without their permission repost information or Content posted on Nextdoor without the posting members permission repost (either on or outside of Nextdoor) the content of another members private message without the authors permission gather or aggregate information from Nextdoor, either manually or by using automation (such as through scripts, robots, crawlers, spiders or similar technologies) for use outside of Nextdoor Transactions with Other Members. Our Community Guidelines outline our expectations regarding appropriate use of Nextdoor, including how members interact with each other. In using Nextdoor and its member-to-member transactional features (such as For Sale &amp; Free), you, and not Nextdoor, are responsible for your own decisions and actions. Your use of Local Pages or any similar feature does not make us an employer, placement agency, representative, or agent of or for you or any other neighbor or service provider. If you and another member decide to work together, the two of you, and not Nextdoor, are responsible for complying with any laws that might apply, such as tax or employment laws. Nextdoor is not a party to transactions or disputes between members. If you write a recommendation or other comment about a transaction with a neighbor or their business (for example, a recommendation of a tutor), be truthful, fair and neighborly in your comments, and do not post any of their personal information (e.g., address, mobile number, or photos) without their permission. Neighborhood Leads. Some members, known as Leads, are provided with additional account features to use to support their neighborhood; they are not Nextdoor employees, representatives, or agents. To learn more about Leads, click here. Nextdoor does not interview, run background checks on, monitor, supervise, or control Nextdoor members, including those who are granted Lead status. Feedback. Please feel free to share any feedback, suggestions, or ideas you have about Nextdoor with us, so long as you understand we may have already had the same idea, and you agree that we are free to use any feedback you voluntarily provide with no restriction or obligation (payment or otherwise) to you. Text Messaging Alerts. If you use our text messaging service, note that text message alerts are not intended to replace any primary phone service, such as a traditional landline or mobile phone that may be used to contact emergency services. Nextdoor does not charge for sending text messages, but your carrier may charge you. Alerts sent via SMS may not be delivered if your phone is not in range of a transmission site, or if sufficient network capacity is not available at a particular time; furthermore, within a coverage area, factors beyond the control of the users wireless carrier may interfere with message delivery, including equipment, terrain, proximity to buildings, foliage, and weather. You acknowledge that urgent alerts may not be timely received and that your wireless carrier does not guarantee that alerts will be delivered. Copyright and DMCA. If you believe Content on Nextdoor infringes your copyright, you can reach our notification agent at Nextdoor.com, Inc., 875 Stevenson Street, Suite 700, San Francisco, CA 94103. Phone: +1 415-569-7971. Fax: +1 415-488-5949. Email: copyright@nextdoor.com. If you are in the U.S., your notice must satisfy the requirements enumerated in 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(3). Parental Controls. Parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software, or filtering services) may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to or inappropriate for minors. You can find more information about parental controls by reviewing the system preferences, settings, and help documentation for your computer or mobile device, or through resources such as this one. Restrictions from Our Licensors. Some of the information and services available through Nextdoor are licensed from third parties and covered by these third-party terms and disclosures. Using Our App. If you download and install the Nextdoor app, we give you a limited non-transferable license to use it only to access and use Nextdoor on your own behalf through your iOS or Android product; additional terms may apply from the site you download it from (Apple App Store or Google Play store) or the manufacturers of your device or software. Liability Limits. WE AND OUR SUPPLIERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (HOWEVER ARISING, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH NEXTDOOR, INCLUDING THE NEXTDOOR SERVICES, OUR SOFTWARE, YOUR USE OF NEXTDOOR OR ANY NEXTDOOR SERVICE, OR THIS AGREEMENT. WE AND OUR SUPPLIERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR MORE THAN $100. Some jurisdictions do not allow damages exclusions, so they may not apply to you. Governing Law. This agreement is governed by California law as it applies to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within California between California residents. Some jurisdictions (including the European Union) provide consumers with mandatory rights that cannot be excluded via choice of law; if you are in such a jurisdiction, the preceding sentence does not affect those rights. Venue and Jurisdiction. This paragraph does not apply to users who live in the EU. You and Nextdoor both agree that, except as described in the next two paragraphs, (i) any claim or dispute regarding Nextdoor will be resolved exclusively by a federal or state court located in San Francisco, California, and (ii) we each agree and submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of those courts for litigating such claims or disputes. If you are a member or visitor based in the EU, then Irish law shall apply to this Agreement and the Irish courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear disputes arising in relation to the Agreement. Despite this, your local laws in your EU Member State may allow you to sue Nextdoor in your Member State and to invoke certain local laws against Nextdoor. Dispute Resolution. If you have a dispute with Nextdoor, you agree to contact us and try to resolve the dispute informally before pursuing other avenues. Additional Dispute Resolution Terms for U.S. Members: If you are a member in the U.S., you and Nextdoor agree to the additional arbitration and dispute resolution terms found here. Please click through and read these important additional terms, which include an arbitration requirement (except for small claims) and require claims to be brought individually, and include instructions for how to opt out if you do not agree. We encourage you to review and understand them. Integration. To the extent applicable to you, this Agreement includes our dispute resolution terms for U.S. residents, our terms of service addendum for government agencies, our news media addendum, and our business addendum. It constitutes the entire agreement between you and us with respect to our Services, and supersedes any other agreements or understandings (oral or written). We can amend this agreement and any additional terms by notifying you of the changes (for example, by emailing you, or by posting an amendment notice in your neighborhoods news feed). If you keep using Nextdoor after the amendment is effective, you accept and are bound by the new terms; if you disagree with the new terms, you should stop using Nextdoor and delete your account. No Warranty. NEXTDOOR AND THE ASSOCIATED SOFTWARE AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED AS IS. We do not promise that any aspect of our software or service will work properly or continuously. We may add, change, or discontinue product features; if you are dissatisfied, your only remedy is to stop using Nextdoor or the affected feature. Some jurisdictions do not allow warranty exclusions, so they may not apply to you. Indemnity. If someone brings a claim against Nextdoor (whether against the company or any of its employees, directors, or officers) based on a harm you caused, you agree to reimburse us for any costs we incur in defending against that claim, including reasonable attorneys fees as well as damages. Disputes Between Members: Waiver of Claims Against Nextdoor. In the real world and online, neighbors sometimes disagree. If you have a dispute with another Nextdoor member, we hope that you will be able to work it out amicably. However, if you cannot, please understand that Nextdoor is not responsible for the actions of its members; each member is responsible for their own actions and behavior, whether using Nextdoor or chatting over the back fence. Accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you release us (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code 1542, which says: A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor. General. This agreement does not create any agency, partnership, joint venture, joint controllership, employment or franchise relationship. To the extent allowed by applicable law, the English version of this Agreement is binding and other translations are for convenience only. Any unenforceable portion of this agreement shall be enforced to the maximum extent possible, and the remaining portions shall be given full effect. Our failure to act in a particular circumstance does not waive our right to act with respect to that or other circumstances. We shall be excused for any problem due to a circumstance beyond our reasonable control. You represent and warrant that you are not (i) located in a country that is subject to a U.S., Irish or EU, Government embargo or has been designated by the U.S. Government as a terrorist supporting country; and (ii) listed on any U.S., Irish, or EU Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. 