 
 Spotify Beta Terms and Conditions of Use Effective as from 7 October 2008 This document (the Agreement) is a legally binding agreement between you and Spotify Ltd (Spotify) that governs your use of Spotifys software application (the Spotify Software Application) and online streaming Spotify Service (as defined below), both available at the Spotify website. The Spotify Service can be accessed as an ad-supported free-to-the-user version (the Ad-Supported Service), a 24 hour advertisement free version of the Ad-Supported Service for which you pay an access fee (the Day Pass), or as a monthly or yearly subscription to an advertisement free version of the Ad-Supported Service with additional features for which you pay an access fee (the Premium Service). The Day Pass and the Premium Service are collectively referred to as the Spotify Paid for Service. The Ad-Supported Service, the Day Pass and the Premium Service are collectively referred to as the Spotify Service. Please note that you must read and agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement before you use the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, you may NOT use the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service. 1. Contract formation By ticking the I agree box when creating a Spotify account or by using the Spotify Software Application (including but not limited to the downloading of said application) or the Spotify Service, you confirm that you are 18 years of age or more, or that you have received your parents or guardians consent to enter into this Agreement, that you have your residence in one of the countries in which Spotify provides the Spotify Service, that any registration information that you submit to Spotify is true, accurate and complete, that you will update such information in order to keep it current, and that you agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Spotify Privacy Policy. 2. Changes to the Agreement Spotify reserves a right to make changes to this Agreement at its sole discretion. Any material changes will be posted on the Spotify website and it is your responsibility to check the website for such postings from time to time. The continued use of the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service after the posting of changes to this Agreement will constitute an acceptance of such changes. 3. Grant of license Spotify grants you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable license to make personal non-commercial use of the Spotify Software Application (including a right to download the said application) and the Spotify Service and to receive by stream the media content made available through the Spotify Service in your home country. You do not have a right to transfer or sublicense your rights under this Agreement. 4. Purchase of Day Pass and Premium Service By ticking the I agree box you agree to pay the fee for access to the applicable Spotify Paid for Service. Such fee will be charged to the credit card you have designated as the credit card to be billed for your purchase. By designating a credit card to be billed, you confirm that you are authorised to make such purchase and that you are the holder of such credit card (i.e. that the credit card is issued in your name). All prices stated on the Spotify website are inclusive of VAT and other applicable taxes and fees. 5. Payment methods Spotify accepts VISA and MasterCard as forms of payment. 6. Prices Spotify reserves the right to change the price for the Spotify Paid for Service at any time. Such changed price will take effect after the expiry of the then-current paid for period (i.e. the term that you have already paid for). Any new prices will be posted on the Spotify website and it is your responsibility to check the website for such postings from time to time. If you do not wish to be bound by such changed price relating to your Premium Service you may terminate your subscription of your Premium Service in accordance with what is stated in Section 12 (Term and termination). The continued use of the Spotify Paid for Service after the posting of a new price constitutes an acceptance of such new price. 7. Automatic subscription renewal Your subscription to the Premium Service will automatically renew at the end of each subscription term unless you terminate your subscription prior to the end of such subscription term in accordance with what is stated in Section 12 (Term and termination). The renewed subscription will have the same duration as the subscription being renewed (e.g. one month, one year etc.). At the time of renewal the credit card you have designated to be billed for the purchase of the Premium Service will automatically be billed with the applicable amount. 8. Cooling-off period When you log in to the Spotify Paid for Service after having purchased such service you have started to use the Spotify Paid for Service. You agree and understand that once you have started using the Spotify Paid for Service you will not have a right to cancel or withdraw from your purchase of such service. 9. Restrictions of use For the avoidance of doubt, you agree that you may not (without limitation): copy, reproduce, rip, record, make available to the public or otherwise use any part of the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service or its content (including but not limited to tracks, images and text) in a manner not expressly permitted under this Agreement; provide your password to any other person or use any other person's user name and password; reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify or create derivative works based on the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service or any part thereof; circumvent any technology used by Spotify or its licensors to protect content accessible through the Spotify Software Application and Spotify Service; rent or lease any part of the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service; and use the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service in a way that violates the terms of this Agreement. In addition to the above, you agree to take all reasonable care to prevent unauthorized use of the Spotify Software Application and the Spotify Service and its content. 10. Advertising and use of computational resources As consideration for your rights under this Agreement, you agree that ( i ) Spotify and its business partners has a right to provide advertising and other information to you in relation to the Spotify Software Application and the Spotify Service, and that (ii) Spotify has a right to allow the Spotify Software Application and the Spotify Service to utilize the processor, bandwidth and storage hardware on your computer or other relevant device for the limited purpose of facilitating the communication and transmission of content and other data or features to you and other users of the Spotify Software Application and the Spotify Service, and to facilitate the operation of the network on which the Spotify Software Application and the Spotify Service runs. 11. Customer support If you have any questions concerning the Spotify Software Application, the Spotify Service or this Agreement, please contact Spotify customer service by visiting the help section. 12. Term and termination This Agreement will become effective in relation to you when you have ticked the I agree box when creating a Spotify account or when you start using the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service and will remain effective until terminated by you or Spotify. You may cancel your subscription of the Premium Service at any time by visiting your subscription page which termination shall have effect at the expiry of the then-current subscription period that you have already paid for (e.g. one month, one quarter or a year). This means that Spotify will not refund any remaining portion of subscription fees you have already paid for. Spotify reserves the right to terminate this Agreement or suspend your Spotify account at any time in case of unauthorized, or suspected unauthorized, use of the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service. If Spotify terminates this Agreement, or suspends your Spotify account, for any of the reasons set forth in this section, Spotify shall have no liability or responsibility to you, and Spotify will not refund any amounts that you have previously paid. 13. No warranty The use of the Spotify Software Application and the Spotify Service (including but not limited to its content) is at your own risk. The Spotify Software Application and the Spotify Service is provided on an as is and as available basis. There is no warranty, expressed or implied, as to the quality, content and availability or fitness for a specific purpose of the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service. In addition, Spotify does not warrant, endorse, guarantee or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party on or through the Spotify Service or any hyperlinked website, or featured in any banner or other advertising. Consequently Spotify will in no way be responsible for any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services advertised on or through the Spotify Service. As with any purchase of a product or service through any medium or in any environment, you should use your judgment and exercise caution where appropriate. No advice or information whether oral or in writing obtained by you from Spotify shall create any warranty on behalf of Spotify in this regard. 14. Limitation of liability In no event shall Spotify, its affiliates, officers, directors and employees be liable for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages (including but not limited to any loss of data, service interruption, computer failure or pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Media Service (including but not limited to its content), including any damages resulting therefrom. Your only right with respect to any problems or dissatisfaction with the Spotify Software Application and the Spotify Service is to uninstall the Spotify Software Application and to stop using the Spotify Service. 15. Indemnity You agree to indemnify and hold Spotify and its officers, directors, employees and licensors harmless from any claim or demand (including but not limited to reasonable attorney fees) made by a third party due to or arising out of or related to your violation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement or your violation of any laws, regulations or third party rights. 16. Intellectual property Spotify respects intellectual property rights, and expects you to do the same. Please note therefore that the Spotify Software Application, the Spotify Service and the content provided through the Spotify Service is the property of Spotify or Spotify's licensors and protected by intellectual property rights (including but not limited to copyright) and that you do not have a right to use the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service (including but not limited to its content) in any manner not covered by the Agreement. Further, you may not remove or alter any copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property notices contained on or provided through the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service. 17. Technology limitations and modifications Spotify will make reasonable efforts to keep the Spotify Software Application and the Spotify Service operational. However, certain technical difficulties or maintenance may, from time to time, result in temporary interruptions. Spotify reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, functions and features of the Spotify Software Application and the Spotify Service with or without notice. 18. Privacy You agree that Spotify has a right to collect and process your personal information in accordance with the Spotify Privacy Policy. 19. Assignment by Spotify Spotify has a right to assign this Agreement or any part thereof without restrictions. 20. Entire agreement This Agreement together with the Spotify Privacy Policy constitutes all the terms and conditions agreed upon between you and Spotify and supersedes any prior agreements, whether written or oral. Any additional or different terms or conditions in any written or oral communication from you to Spotify are void. You agree and accept that you have not accepted the terms and conditions of this Agreement in reliance of or to any oral or written representations made by Spotify not contained in this Agreement. 21. Severability Should for any reason or to any extent any provision of this Agreement be held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or enforceability shall not in any manner affect or render invalid or unenforceable the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the application of that provision shall be enforced to the extent permitted by law. 22. Governing law and disputes This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of Sweden. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with this Agreement will be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of Sweden, Stockholm District Court being the court of first instance. Copyright  2008 Spotify Ltd. All rights reserved. Spotify Ltd 103 New Oxford Street London WC1A 1DD United Kingdom 