 
 Spotify Terms and Conditions of Use Effective as from 14 July 2011 This document (the Agreement) is a legally binding agreement between you and Spotify USA Inc., a Delaware company (Spotify), that governs your use of Spotifys software application, including the Mobile Client as defined in Section 5 below (the Spotify Software Application) and online streaming Spotify Service (as defined below), both available at the Spotify Websites (as defined in the Spotify Privacy Policy). The Spotify Service can be accessed (i) as an ad-supported free-to-the-user service having no monthly cap on listening hours or a cap on number of plays of a unique track during the first 6 months following creation of your Spotify account but thereafter a cap of 10 listening hours per month and a cap of 5 plays per unique track (the Free Service), (ii) as an advertisement free version of the Spotify Service for which you pay a monthly or yearly subscription (the Unlimited Service), (iii) as an advertisement free version of the Spotify Service including an offline mode which makes it possible to listen to music without a connection to the Internet via conditional downloads and other additional features for which you pay a monthly or yearly subscription (the Premium Service), and (iv) as a version of the Spotify Service that provides access to aspects of the Spotify Service via a supported mobile handset (the Mobile Service). The Unlimited Service, the Premium Service and the Mobile Service are collectively referred to as the Spotify Paid for Service. The Free Service, the Unlimited Service, the Premium Service, and the Mobile Service are collectively referred to as the Spotify Service. Please note that you must read and agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement before you use the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, you may NOT use the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service. For a detailed description of the features in each of the Spotify Paid for Services, please see the Spotify Websites. 1. Contract formation By ticking the I agree box or pressing the I Accept button when creating a Spotify account or by using the Spotify Software Application (including but not limited to the downloading of said application) or the Spotify Service, you confirm that you are 18 years of age or more, or that you are 13 years of age or more and that you have received your parents or guardians consent to enter into this Agreement, that you have your residence in the United States, that any registration information that you submit to Spotify is true, accurate and complete, that you will update such information in order to keep it current, and that you agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Spotify Privacy Policy. 2. Changes to the Agreement and notices Spotify may make changes to this Agreement at its sole discretion. Changes will be communicated to you by us posting the new version of the Agreement on the Spotify Websites or as otherwise determined by Spotify in its sole discretion and your acceptance of and / or continued use of the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service after such notification of changes to this Agreement will constitute your acceptance of such changes. You may also be asked to reacknowledge and reaccept this Agreement following any material changes. 3. Grant of license You are granted a limited, non-exclusive, revocable license to make personal non-commercial use of the Spotify Software Application (including a right to download said application) and the Spotify Service and to receive by stream (and, where you have purchased the Premium Service or the Mobile Service, by conditional download) the media content made available through the Spotify Service in the United States. You do not have a right to transfer or sublicense your rights under this Agreement. 4. Purchase of the Spotify Paid for Service If you agree to pay the fee for access to the applicable Spotify Paid for Service, such fee will be charged by the company designated by Spotify in accordance with the payment method you have chosen for your purchase. If you are paying by credit or debit card, by designating a card to be billed, you confirm that you are authorized to make such purchase and that you are the holder of such card (i.e. that the card is issued in your name). All prices stated on the Spotify Websites are inclusive of any applicable sales taxes and fees. Spotify accepts a variety of different payment methods, so please check the Spotify Websites for the best way for you to pay. 5. The Mobile Service You are required to have the most recent mobile version of the Spotify Software Application (the Mobile Client) on your mobile handset in order to use the Mobile Service. The Mobile Client may be acquired only via the official channels authorized by Spotify. You agree that your access to and right to use the Mobile Service is expressly conditioned on your registering as a mobile subscriber via the authentication process associated with the Mobile Client, which authentication process may include additional terms and conditions applicable to the Mobile Service (the Mobile Terms) and any Mobile Terms shall form part of this Agreement. Only handsets that are supported by Spotify may be used to access the Mobile Service and you agree that Spotify has no obligation to support any particular make or model of handset, whether or not such make or model is currently, or was previously supported by Spotify. 6. Premium code and unlimited code Spotify also allows you to purchase an access code which will provide access to the Premium Service and the Mobile Service (Premium Code). In order to purchase a Premium Code please go to the Spotify Websites and follow instructions. Your purchase and use of a Premium Code will be governed by the Premium Code Terms and Conditions, as well as this Agreement. Or you can choose to purchase an access code which will provide access to the Unlimited Service (Unlimited Code). In order to purchase an Unlimited Code please go to the Spotify Websites and follow instructions. Your purchase and use of an Unlimited Code will be governed by the Unlimited Code Terms and Conditions, as well as this Agreement. 7. Use of cached content The offline mode of the Premium Service and the Mobile Service permits you to download temporary copies of content and play it locally for so long as you maintain your subscription to the applicable Spotify Paid for Service. As a subscriber to the Premium Service, you are permitted to store such cached content on up to three (3) separate devices. 8. Local files The Spotify Software Application automatically generates a list of the local music files which you have stored on your computer or other relevant device. This function does not automatically copy or import these music files. This automatic list function can be disabled in the preferences view in the Spotify Software Application. The local files function of the Spotify Service permits you to choose to import local files stored on your computer or other relevant device into the Spotify Software Application or to copy local files from your computer onto your mobile handset or other relevant device using the Mobile Client. You may only import or copy files that you have legally acquired, and have the right to import or copy. For instance, you may not use the Spotify Service to import or copy any music you have illegally downloaded from the Internet. 9. Prices Spotify may change the price for the Spotify Paid for Service from time to time. In respect of the Spotify Paid for Service, such changed price will take effect after the expiry of the then current paid for period (i.e. the term that you have already paid for). Any price change will be communicated to you. If you do not wish to be bound by such changed price relating to your Spotify Paid for Service you may terminate your subscription of your Spotify Paid for Service in accordance with Section 15 (Term and termination). Your continued use of the Spotify Paid for Service after the communication of such price change to you constitutes an acceptance of such new price. 10. Automatic subscription renewal Your subscription to the Spotify Paid for Service will automatically renew at the end of each subscription term unless you terminate your subscription prior to the end of such subscription term in accordance with Section 15 (Term and termination), or, in the case of the Mobile Service, your access to the Mobile Service is revoked by Spotify in accordance with the Mobile Terms. Such renewal will always be for a monthly subscription term, even if the previous subscription term was for a longer period. If you would like to renew for a longer term, then please log into your account on the Spotify Websites. At the time of renewal the payment method you have designated to be charged for the purchase of the Spotify Paid for Service will automatically be charged with the applicable amount. 11. Spotify Social The Spotify Software Application has features that allow you to make your profile publicly available, share links to tracks and playlists with other users of the Spotify Service and integrate your activities on the Spotify Service with functionality offered by third party social networking services, including Facebook and Twitter (Spotify Social). You may choose whether to use the features of Spotify Social or not. If you use Spotify Social, you must respect other users of the Spotify Service in your interactions with them. Spotify reserves the right, in its absolute discretion, to disable your account if it believes that you are violating this principle. Unacceptable behavior will result in your account being terminated and you being blocked from accessing the Spotify Service. Examples of unacceptable behavior include, but are not limited to: giving playlists offensive, abusive, defamatory, pornographic or obscene titles; harassing or bullying other users; spamming other users through the inbox, or using automated means to artificially promote content; and using a photo on your profile that infringes the copyright of a third party, or is offensive, abusive, defamatory, pornographic or obscene. 12. Restrictions of use For the avoidance of doubt, you agree that you may not (without limitation): copy, reproduce, rip, record, make available to the public or otherwise use any part of the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service or its content (including but not limited to tracks, images and text) in a manner not expressly permitted under this Agreement; sell or attempt to sell any invite to access the Spotify Service, or resell any code used to access the Spotify Paid for Service; provide your password to any other person or use any other person's user name and password; reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify or create derivative works based on the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service or any part thereof; circumvent any technology used by Spotify, its licensors, or any third party to protect content accessible through the Spotify Software Application and Spotify Service; rent or lease any part of the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service; use the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service in a way that violates the terms of this Agreement; circumvent any territorial restrictions applied by Spotify; artificially increase play count or otherwise manipulate the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service by using a script or other automated process; import any local files which you have not legally acquired into the Spotify Service; and copy any local files which you have not legally acquired onto your mobile handset or other device using the Mobile Client. In addition to the above, you agree to take all reasonable care to prevent unauthorized use of the Spotify Software Application and the Spotify Service and its content. 13. Advertising and use of computational resources As consideration for your rights under this Agreement, you agree that (i) Spotify and its business partners have a right to provide promotional offers, advertising and other information to you by email or other means of communication, in relation to the Spotify Software Application and the Spotify Service, and that (ii) Spotify has a right to allow the Spotify Software Application and the Spotify Service to utilize the processor, bandwidth and storage hardware on your computer or other relevant device for the limited purpose of facilitating the communication and transmission of content and other data or features to you and other users of the Spotify Software Application and the Spotify Service, and to facilitate the operation of the network on which the Spotify Software Application and the Spotify Service runs. You may opt out of receiving promotional messages from Spotify and its business partners at any time by changing your account settings or by hitting the unsubscribe link in any of your emails. You may adjust the level of usage that the Spotify Service makes of your computer in the settings of the Spotify Software Application. 14. Customer support If you have any questions concerning the Spotify Software Application, the Spotify Service or this Agreement, please contact Spotify customer service by visiting the help section. 15. Term and termination This Agreement will become effective in relation to you when you have ticked the I agree box when creating a Spotify account or when you start using the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service and will remain effective until terminated by you or Spotify. You may cancel your subscription of the Spotify Paid for Service at any time by visiting your subscription page which termination shall have effect at the expiry of the then-current subscription period that you have already paid for (e.g. one month, one quarter or a year). Spotify will not refund any remaining portion of subscription fees you have already paid for. Spotify reserves the right to terminate this Agreement or suspend your Spotify account at any time in case of unauthorized, or suspected unauthorized use of the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service whether in contravention of this Agreement or otherwise. If Spotify terminates this Agreement, or suspends your Spotify account for any of the reasons set out in this section, Spotify shall have no liability or responsibility to you, and Spotify will not refund any amounts that you have previously paid. 16. NO WARRANTY THE USE OF THE SPOTIFY SOFTWARE APPLICATION AND THE SPOTIFY SERVICE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ITS CONTENT) IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SPOTIFY SOFTWARE APPLICATION AND THE SPOTIFY SERVICE IS PROVIDED AND LICENSED ON AN AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE BASIS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT POSSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, SPOTIFY DISCLAIMS AND GIVES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE QUALITY, CONTENT AND AVAILABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A SPECIFIC PURPOSE OF THE SPOTIFY SOFTWARE APPLICATION OR THE SPOTIFY SERVICE OR WARRANTY OF TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. In addition, Spotify does not warrant, endorse, guarantee or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party on or through the Spotify Service or any hyperlinked website, or featured in any banner or other advertising. Consequently Spotify will in no way be responsible for any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services advertised on or through the Spotify Service. As with any purchase of a product or service through any medium or in any environment, you should use your judgment and exercise caution where appropriate. No advice or information whether oral or in writing obtained by you from Spotify shall create any warranty on behalf of Spotify in this regard. 17. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL SPOTIFY, ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, CORRUPTION OF FILES, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, LOSS OF DATA, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER FAILURE OR PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SPOTIFY SOFTWARE APPLICATION OR THE SPOTIFY SERVICE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ITS CONTENT), EVEN IF YOU HAVE ADVISED SPOTIFY ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS, AND INCLUDING ANY DAMAGES RESULTING THEREFROM. Your only right with respect to any problems or dissatisfaction with the Spotify Software Application and the Spotify Service is to uninstall the Spotify Software Application and to stop using the Spotify Service. In no event will Spotifys total liability to you in connection with this Agreement exceed the greater of one dollar (U.S. $1.00) or the total amount paid by you for the relevant Spotify Services. Nothing in this Agreement removes or limits Spotifys liability for fraudulent misrepresentation, death or personal injury caused by its negligence. 18. Indemnity You agree to indemnify and hold Spotify and its officers, directors, employees and licensors harmless from any claim or demand (including but not limited to reasonable legal fees) made by a third party due to or arising out of or related to your violation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement or your violation of any laws, regulations or third party rights. 19. Intellectual property Spotify respects intellectual property rights, and expects you to do the same. The Spotify Software Application, the Spotify Service and the content provided through the Spotify Service is the property of Spotify or Spotify's licensors and protected by intellectual property rights (including but not limited to copyright), and you do not have a right to use the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service (including but not limited to its content) in any manner not covered by the Agreement. Furthermore, you must not infringe any third partys intellectual property rights in using the Spotify service, which means that (for example) you may not import or copy any music which you have not legally acquired and have the right to so import or copy into the Spotify Software Application or the Mobile Client. Further, you may not remove or alter any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property notices contained on or provided through the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service. 20. Infringement Notice and Takedown Policy It is Spotify's policy (a) to block access to or remove postings or other content that it believes in good faith infringes the copyrights of third parties, and (b) to remove and discontinue service to repeat infringers. If you believe that content made available on this website or through use of any services offered by Spotify infringes your copyright, please send a notice of claimed copyright infringement, with the following information, to the email address noted below: i. Information reasonably sufficient to permit Spotify to contact you, such as your real name, address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic email address at which you may be contacted; ii. Identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works on the site or any of the services are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works; iii. Identification of the material that you claim is infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Spotify to locate such material, including if possible the name of such work, and where such material may be found on the site or service (please be as detailed as possible so that we can actually find the material that you claim is infringing); iv. A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; v. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; and vi. Your electronic or physical signature. Once a complete and proper notice of claimed copyright infringement is received at the email address below, Spotify will investigate such matter and take appropriate action(s), which may include, without limitation, removal of or disabling of access to infringing material and termination of site or service privileges of anyone who repeatedly infringes the copyrights of others. The email address for the above notices is: legal@spotify.com 21. Technology limitations and modifications Spotify will make reasonable efforts to keep the Spotify Software Application and the Spotify Service operational. However, certain technical difficulties or maintenance may, from time to time, result in temporary interruptions. Spotify reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, functions and features of the Spotify Software Application and the Spotify Service with or without notice. 22. Privacy You agree that Spotify has a right to collect and process your personal information in accordance with the Spotify Privacy Policy. 23. Assignment by Spotify Spotify may assign this Agreement or any part of it without restrictions. You may not assign this Agreement or any part of it to any third party. 24. Entire agreement This Agreement together with the Spotify Privacy Policy, the Mobile Terms (if applicable), the Premium Code Terms and Conditions (if applicable) and the Unlimited Code Terms and Conditions (if applicable) (the Agreements) constitutes all the terms and conditions agreed upon between you and Spotify and supersede any prior agreements in relation to the subject matter of these Agreements, whether written or oral. Any additional or different terms or conditions in relation to the subject matter of these Agreements in any written or oral communication from you to Spotify are void. You agree and accept that you have not accepted the terms and conditions of this Agreement in reliance of or to any oral or written representations made by Spotify not contained in this Agreement. 25. Severability Should for any reason or to any extent any provision of this Agreement be held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or enforceability shall not in any manner affect or render invalid or unenforceable the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the application of that provision shall be enforced to the extent permitted by law. 26. Governing law and disputes This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with this Agreement will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of such State. 27. English version prevails In the event that this Agreement is translated into other languages and there is a discrepancy between the two language versions, the English language version shall prevail to the extent that such discrepancy is the result of an error in translation. Copyright  2008-2011 Spotify USA Inc. and its affiliates. All rights reserved. Spotify USA Inc. 76 9th Avenue Suite 1110, 11th Floor New York, NY 10011 USA 