 
 GoFundMe Terms &amp; Conditions Questions about our terms? Contact Us Date of Last Revision: September 12, 2018 GoFundMe, Inc. provides its services (described below) to you through its website and mobile applications (the "Platform") and related services (collectively, such services, including any new features and applications, and the Platform, the "Services"), subject to the following Terms of Service (as amended from time to time, the "Terms of Service"). If you are a campaign organizer (as defined below) based in the United States, you will be contracting with GoFundMe, Inc. If, on the other hand, you are a campaign organizer based outside of the United States, you will be contracting with GoFundMe Ireland, Ltd. For purposes of the following Terms of Service, GoFundMe, we, us, our, and other similar terms, shall refer to the party with whom you are contracting. ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER: EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE DESCRIBED IN THE DISPUTES SECTION BELOW, BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION. PLEASE REVIEW THE DISPUTES SECTION CAREFULLY; BY ENTERING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change or modify portions of these Terms of Service at any time. If we do this, we will post the changes on this page and will indicate the date these terms were last revised. We will also endeavor to notify you, either through the Services user interface, in an email notification or through other reasonable means, and unless otherwise stated, GoFundMe may communicate with you officially by any reasonable means now known or later developed. These currently include email, regular mail, and postings on the Platform. Any such changes will become effective no earlier than fourteen (14) days after they are posted, except that (i) changes addressing new functions of the Services or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately, and (ii) changes or modifications to the provisions of these Terms of Service governing the Disputes section shall be made as specified therein. Your continued use of the Services after the date any such changes become effective constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Service. To the extent allowed by law, the English version of these Terms of Service is binding and other translations are for convenience only. If you do not wish to accept the new Terms of Service, you may discontinue your use of the Services. In addition, when using certain services, you will be subject to any additional terms applicable to such services that may be posted on the Services from time to time, including, without limitation, the Privacy Policy located at https://www.gofundme.com/privacy and the GoFundMe Guarantee Policy located at https://www.gofundme.com/guarantee-policy. All such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms of Service (provided, however, that such other terms may be modified in accordance with their terms and, with respect to the use of the Services, these Terms of Service will take precedence in the event of conflict). All resolutions are decided by GoFundMe in our sole discretion, and all of our determinations are final. If you are in Europe, the Privacy Policy does not form part of these Terms of Service. Access and Use of the Services Services Description: The Services are offered as a platform to users of the Services, which may include Campaign Organizers and Donors (each defined herein), entrants to Promotions (defined below) and other registered and unregistered users of the Services (which may include users who simply "like" or "heart" Campaigns or otherwise interact with the Platform or Services). Among other features, the Services are designed to allow a user (a "Campaign Organizer") to post a fundraising campaign ("Campaign") to the Platform to accept monetary donations ("Donations") from those registered users wishing to contribute funds to the Campaign ("Donors"). For purposes hereof, the term "Campaign Organizer" shall also be deemed to include any individual(s) designated as a beneficiary of a Campaign. Although there are no fees to set up a Campaign, industry-standard payment processing fees apply to each Donation. To learn more about GoFundMes Platform and applicable payment processing fees, visit https://www.gofundme.com/why-gofundme. Charitable Giving: You understand and acknowledge that GoFundMe is not a professional charitable organization, notwithstanding any affiliates that may qualify for 501(c)(3) status, and Campaigns are not charities to which you can make tax-deductible charitable contributions. However, in addition to the Services described above, GoFundMe permits Donors to contribute directly to certain charitable causes or organizations ("Charities") through the Platform. Any donation you make to a Charity through the Platform will be subject to a Services fee as described at https://support.gofundme.com/hc/en-us/articles/203604054. If you or your charity would like to register to be listed as a charitable organization on the Platform, please contact us at support@gofundme.com and we can help facilitate that process. As used in this Agreement, the term "Campaign" does not refer to a Charity, and you acknowledge that contributions to Campaigns are not deductible under your jurisdictions applicable tax laws and regulations. The Services are a Platform; We are not a Broker, Financial Institution, Creditor or Charitable Institution: The Services are an administrative platform only. GoFundMe facilitates the Donation transaction between Campaign Organizers and Donors, but is not a party to any agreement between a Campaign Organizer and a Donor, or between any user and a Charity. GoFundMe is not a broker, agent, financial institution, creditor or insurer for any user. GoFundMe has no control over the conduct of, or any information provided by, a Campaign Organizer, a Charity or any other user, and GoFundMe hereby disclaims all liability in this regard to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. All information and content provided by GoFundMe through the Services is for informational purposes only, and GoFundMe does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or reliability of any such information or content. No content is intended to provide financial, legal, tax or other professional advice. Before making any decisions regarding any Campaigns, Charities, Donations, Donors, users or any products, services, information or content relating to the Services, you should consult your financial, legal, tax advisers or other professional advisor as appropriate. You acknowledge that all information and content accessed by you using the Services is at your own risk. GoFundMe does not guarantee that a Campaign or a Charity will obtain a certain amount of Donations or any Donations at all. We do not personally endorse any Campaign, Campaign Organizer, or Charity, and we make no guarantee, explicit or implied, that any information provided through the Services by a user is accurate. We expressly disclaim any liability or responsibility for the success of any Campaign, or the outcome of any fundraising purpose. You, as a Donor, must make the final determination as to the value and appropriateness of contributing to any Campaign, Campaign Organizer, or Charity. All Donations are at your own risk. When you make a Donation to a Campaign or Charity, or otherwise through the Services, it is your responsibility to understand how your money will be used. GoFundMe is not responsible for any offers, promises, rewards or promotions made or offered by Charities, Campaigns or Campaign Organizers. We do not and cannot verify the information that Campaign Organizers supply, nor do we guarantee that the Donations will be used in accordance with any fundraising purpose prescribed by a Campaign Organizer or Charity. We assume no responsibility to verify whether the Donations are used in accordance with any applicable laws; such responsibility rests solely with the Campaign Organizer or Charity, as applicable. While we have no obligation to verify that the use of any funds raised is in accordance with applicable law and these Terms of Service, we take possible fraudulent activity and the misuse of funds raised very seriously. You can learn more about our Fraud Policy at http://www.gofundme.com/safety. If you have reason to believe that a Campaign Organizer or Charity is not raising or using the funds for their stated purpose, please use the "Report" button on the Campaign or Charity to alert our team of this potential issue and we will investigate. If you are a donor, you may also be covered by the GoFundMe Guarantee. Policy details are located at https://www.gofundme.com/guarantee-refund-policy. You, as a Campaign Organizer, represent, warrant, and covenant that (i) all information you provide in connection with a Campaign is accurate, complete, and not otherwise designed to mislead, defraud, or deceive any user; (ii) all Donations contributed to your Campaign will be used solely as described in the materials that you post or otherwise provide; (iii) you will comply all relevant and applicable laws and regulations when you solicit funds, including, but not limited to, laws relating to your financial reporting obligations, marketing and solicitation for your project; (iv) you will comply with all relevant and applicable financial reporting obligations, including but not limited to laws and regulations relating to tax reporting, political contributions, and asset disclosures for your project; and (v) to the extent you share with us any personal data of any third party for any purpose, including the names, email addresses and phone numbers of your personal contacts, you have the authority (including any necessary consents), as required under applicable law, to provide us with such personal data and allow us to use such personal data for the purposes for which you shared it with us. You authorize GoFundMe, and GoFundMe reserves the right to, provide information relating to your Campaign to donors and beneficiaries of your Campaign or law enforcement or to assist in any investigation. Your Registration Obligations: You may be required to register with GoFundMe in order to access and use certain features of the Services. If you choose to register for the Services, you agree to provide and maintain true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Services' registration form. Campaign Organizers must register using their true identities, including their name and any image or video purporting to depict the Campaign Organizer or the beneficiary of such campaign. Registration data and certain other information about you are governed by our Privacy Policy. If you are under 13 years of age (16 in Europe), you are not authorized to use the Services, with or without registering. In addition, if you are under the age of majority in your jurisdiction (typically 18 or 19 years of age), you may use the Services, with or without registering, only with the approval of your parent or guardian. Certain aspects of our Services may also require you to register with, and agree to the terms of, third-party service providers (e.g., payment processors) in order to utilize such Services. For example, Adyen is one of GoFundMes payment processing partners. When you use Adyens services, your right to use such services is strictly confidential for the purpose you provide in the details of your registration. You may not resell, hire, or on any other basis, allow third parties to use the payment services to enable such third parties to be paid for their services. You may not use the payment services for any different purpose than as registered with our application. If GoFundMe or Adyen at any time discovers that the information you provided about you or the purpose of your campaign is incorrect or changed without informing us or if you violate any of these conditions, the services may be suspended and/or terminated with immediate effect and fines may be applied by the credit card schemes and/or the authorities for unregistered use of payment services which will in such case be payable by you. GoFundMe will assist and support you in your use of the payment processing services to be provided by Adyen (i.e., the processor) and we will provide you with first-line assistance with and enable you to connect to the systems of Adyen to be able to use its services. For this purpose, you understand that you are instructing Adyen to provide GoFundMe with access to your data and setting in Adyens systems, which are used by Adyen to provide the services and authorize us to manage these on your behalf. While we may help facilitate such registration in some cases in connection with payment processors with which GoFundMe has partnered, we are not a party to any such relationships and disclaim any responsibility or liability for the performance by such third parties. Our processors may, in their sole discretion, require underwriting on any account, and you agree to cooperate with all underwriting requests. We may exchange information with such third-party services in order to facilitate the provision of Services (and related third party services) as set out in our Privacy Policy. Taxes: It is your responsibility to determine what, if any, taxes apply to the Donations you receive through your use of the Services. It is solely your responsibility to assess, collect, report or remit the correct tax, if any, to the appropriate tax authority. Member Account, Password and Security: You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, if any, and are fully responsible for any and all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify GoFundMe of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you sign out from your account at the end of each session when accessing the Services. GoFundMe will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section. Modifications to Services: GoFundMe reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Services (or any part thereof). We will endeavor to give you notice of any such modification, suspension or discontinuance. You agree that, to the extent permitted by law, GoFundMe will not be liable to you for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Services in accordance with these Terms of Service. Public Content; Public Display of Donations: Some of your activity on and through the Services is public, such as content you post publicly on the website or Services. Additionally, user profile information, including your first and last name, public email address, organization, personal biography, and other information you enter in connection with your user profile may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the Services. For example, as a Donor, you have the option to publicly display your Donation for all to see, including on search engines (like Google and Yahoo). To keep the details of your Donation private, simply click the "Private" checkbox during the Donation process. Please remember that if you choose to provide information using certain public features of the Services, then that information is governed by the privacy settings of those particular features and may be publicly available. Individuals reading such information may use or disclose it to other individuals or entities without our control and without your knowledge, and search engines may index that information. We therefore urge you to think carefully about including any specific information you may deem private in content that you create or information that you submit through the Services. Please see our Privacy Policy for information on the ways that we may collect, use, and store certain information about you and your use of the Services. Promotions: You are not permitted to offer any contest, competition giveaway, sweepstakes or similar activity (each, a "Promotion") on or through the Services without our prior written consent. You may seek permission by sending an email to promotions@gofundme.com. and signing up for our service packages. If we consent, you take full responsibility for the Promotion, and you agree that: (a) such Promotion shall comply with all applicable laws; (b) you are solely responsible for all facets of the Promotion, including without limitation any prizes offered; (c) you may not use GoFundMes name, trademarks, logos, or service marks or any other GoFundMe intellectual property in the rules or any other materials relating to the Promotion without GoFundMes express written permission; (d) such Promotion does not require making a Donation as the only way to enter; (e) such Promotion is not marketed to anyone under the older of the age of 18 or the age of majority for the jurisdiction in which you reside; and (f) such Promotion may not endorse, sponsor or promote anything related to gambling, alcohol, illegal or prescription drugs, medical devices, national health products, firearms, pornography, tobacco or any other activities prohibited by the Terms of Services, including as set forth in the Conditions of Use section below. You will include the following provisions within your official rules for any Promotion that you choose to administer or publicize on the Services: (i) GoFundMe does not sponsor, endorse or administer the Promotion; (ii) each participant or entrant in the Promotion releases GoFundMe from any and all liability and (iii) all questions concerning the Promotion must be directed to you and not to GoFundMe. GoFundMe reserves the right to suspend, cancel, or discontinue any Promotion conducted in connection with the Services at any time for any reason, including without limitation to comply with applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to take any actions we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, to protect our users, business partners, or business or the public. General Practices Regarding Use and Storage: You acknowledge that GoFundMe may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Services, including without limitation the maximum period of time that data or other content will be retained by the Services and the maximum storage space that will be allotted on GoFundMe's servers on your behalf. You agree that GoFundMe has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any data or other content maintained or uploaded by the Services. You acknowledge that GoFundMe reserves the right to terminate accounts or Campaigns that are inactive for an extended period of time, provided that GoFundMe will use its commercially reasonable efforts to provide a Campaign Organizer with reasonable notice before terminating an inactive Campaign having a positive balance of Donations. You further acknowledge that GoFundMe reserves the right to change these general practices and limits at any time, in its sole discretion. We will endeavor to give you notice of any such change where required by applicable law. Mobile Services: The Services include certain services that are available via a mobile device, including (i) the ability to upload content to the Platform via a mobile device, (ii) the ability to browse the Platform from a mobile device and (iii) the ability to access certain features through an application downloaded and installed on a mobile device (collectively, the "Mobile Services"). To the extent you access the Services through a mobile device, your wireless service carrier's standard charges, data rates and other fees may apply. In addition, downloading, installing, or using certain Mobile Services may be prohibited or restricted by your carrier, and not all Mobile Services may work with all carriers or devices. By using the Mobile Services, you agree that we may communicate with you regarding GoFundMe and other entities by SMS, MMS, text message or other electronic means to your mobile device and that certain information about your usage of the Mobile Services may be communicated to us. We shall comply with any additional requirements that may apply under local laws and regulations before communicating with you in this manner. In the event that you change or deactivate your mobile telephone number, you agree to promptly update your GoFundMe account information to ensure that your messages are not sent to the person that acquires your old number. Conditions of Use User Conduct: You are solely responsible for all Campaign descriptions, comments, videos, images, information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, messages or other materials ("content") that you upload, post, publish or display (hereinafter, "upload") or transmit or otherwise use via the Services. If you are not the beneficiary of the Campaign you organize, you agree to deliver funds to the ultimate beneficiary directly and as soon as possible. You agree to fully cooperate with any request by GoFundMe for evidence it deems in its sole discretion is appropriate to verify your compliance with these Terms of Service. The following are examples of the kind of content and/or use that is illegal or prohibited by GoFundMe. However, this list is not exhaustive and GoFundMe reserves the right to investigate anyone by engaging public and private organizations, including, but not limited to collection agents, private investigators, and local, state, federal and applicable international agencies, and take appropriate action against anyone who, in GoFundMe's sole discretion, violates any of the terms or spirit of these Terms of Service (or the principles described in our preamble hereto), including, without limitation, removing the offending content, suspending or terminating the account of such violators, stopping payments to any such Campaign, freezing or placing a hold on donated funds when GoFundMe reasonably believes it to be required by applicable law, and reporting you to law enforcement authorities or otherwise taking appropriate legal action including seeking restitution on behalf of itself and/or its users. Without limiting the foregoing, you agree to not use the Services to: to raise funds in connection with any of the following activities or items, including by establishing or contributing to any Campaign with the implicit or express purpose relating to any of the following: any activity that violates any law or governmental regulation industry requirements, or third-party guidelines or agreements to which you are a party, including from payment card providers and payment processors that you utilize in connection with the Services; any election campaigns in the United States or, if internationally, any election campaigns that are not run by a registered organization within the supported country; content or campaigns that are fraudulent, misleading, inaccurate, dishonest, impossible or imitating any other person or fundraising campaign (whether on the Platform or not); illegal drugs, narcotics, steroids, controlled substances, pharmaceuticals or other products that make health claims that have not been approved or verified by the applicable local and/or national regulatory body, legal substances that provide the same effect as an illegal drug or other products that present a risk to consumer safety or any related equipment or paraphernalia; knives, explosives, ammunition, firearms, or other weaponry or accessories; annuities, investments, equity or lottery contracts, lay-away systems, off-shore banking or similar transactions, money service businesses (including currency exchanges, check cashing or the like), pyramid schemes, get rich quick schemes (i.e., Investment opportunities or other services that promise high rewards), network marketing and referral marketing programs, debt collection or crypto-currencies; gambling, gaming and/or any other activity with an entry fee and a prize, including, but not limited to casino games, sports betting, fantasy sports, horse or greyhound racing, lottery tickets, raffle tickets, auctions and other ventures that facilitate gambling, games of skill or chance (whether or not it is legally defined as a lottery) or sweepstakes; campaigns deemed by GoFundMe, in its sole discretion, to be in support of, or for the legal defense of alleged crimes associated with hate, violence, harassment, bullying, discrimination, terrorism, or intolerance of any kind relating to race, ethnicity, national origin, religious affiliation, sexual orientation, sex, gender or gender identity, or serious disabilities or diseases; activities with, in, or involving countries, regions, governments, persons, or entities that are subject to U.S. and other economic sanctions under applicable law, unless such activities are expressly authorized by the appropriate governmental authority; funding a ransom, human trafficking or exploitation, vigilantism, bribes or bounty; pornography or other sexual content; offensive, graphic, perverse or sensitive content; offering monetary rewards, including gift cards; transactions for the sale of items before the seller has control or possession of the item; collection of payments on behalf of merchants by payment processors or otherwise; including but not limited to self-payments on campaigns or an attempt to bypass or otherwise circumvent the designated method of payment as provided by GoFundMe; credit repair or debt settlement services; to receive or grant cash advances or lines of credit to yourself or to another person for purposes other than those purposes clearly stated in the Campaign; publication or removal of content (such as mug shots), where the primary purpose of posting such content is to cause or raise concerns of reputational harm; sale or resale of a service without added benefit to the buyer; resale of government offerings without authorization or added value; aggregation of funds owed to third parties, factoring, or other activities intended to obfuscate the origin of funds; counterfeit music, movies, software, or other licensed materials without the appropriate authorization from the rights holder; products or services that directly infringe or facilitate infringement upon the trademark, patent, copyright, trade secrets, or proprietary or privacy rights of any third party; unauthorized sale or resale of brand name or designer products or services; sale of goods or services that are illegally imported or exported; processing where there is no bona fide donation accepted; cash advance; card testing; evasion of card network chargeback monitoring programs; collecting or providing funds for any purpose other than as described in a Campaign description; any other activity that GoFundMe may deem in its sole discretion to be in support of individuals and/or entities associated with alleged financial crimes including but not limited to corruption, bribery, tax evasion, fraud, and activities of a similar nature; or any other activity that GoFundMe may deem in its sole discretion to be unacceptable. to transmit or otherwise upload any content that (i) infringes any intellectual property or other proprietary rights of any party; (ii) you do not have a right to upload under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; (iii) contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (iv) poses or creates a privacy or security risk to any person; (v) constitutes unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, commercial activities and/or sales, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," "contests," "sweepstakes," or any other form of solicitation; or (vi) in the sole judgment of GoFundMe, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Services, or which may expose GoFundMe or its users to any harm or liability of any type; or to interfere with or disrupt the Services or servers or networks connected to the Services, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Services; or to harvest or collect email addresses or other contact information of other users from the Services by electronic or other means. to raise funds for a minor without the express permission of the minors guardian unless the funds are transferred into a trust account for the sole benefit of the minor. Additionally, with respect to all Donations you make or accept through the Services, you agree: not to make or accept any donations that you know or suspect to be erroneous, suspicious or fraudulent; not to use the Services in or for the benefit of a country, organization, entity, or person embargoed or blocked by any government, including those on sanctions lists identified by the United States Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC); to maintain reasonable and standard security measures to protect any information transmitted and received through the Services, including without limitation by adhering to any security procedures and controls required by GoFundMe from time to time; to maintain a copy of all electronic and other records related to Campaigns and Donations as necessary for GoFundMe to verify compliance with these Terms of Service, and make such records available to GoFundMe upon our request. For clarity, the foregoing does not affect or limit your obligations to maintain documentation as required by applicable laws, rules, regulations, or governmental authority; and at GoFundMes request, including without limitation in case of investigations by GoFundMe, a payment processing partner, or a regulatory or governmental authority, fully cooperate in the auditing of such records, investigation of the relevant circumstances and remedy of any uncovered violation or wrongdoing. GoFundMe reserves the right to refuse, condition, or suspend any Donations or other transactions that we believe in our sole discretion may violate the Terms of Service or harm the interests of our users, business partners, the public, or GoFundMe, or that expose you, GoFundMe, or others to risks unacceptable to us. We may share any information related to your use of the Services with the appropriate financial institution, regulatory authority, or law enforcement agency consistent with our legal obligations. This information may include information about you, your account, your Donors, your Donations, and transactions made through or in connection with your use of the Services. Donations: In order to contribute to a Campaign or to a Charity, a Donor will be required to provide GoFundMe information regarding its credit card or other payment instrument (Payment Instrument) that is linked to the Donors account on the Services (a Billing Account). You, as a Donor, represent and warrant to GoFundMe that such information is true and that you are authorized to use the applicable Payment Instrument. You agree that a certain minimum Donation amount may apply, and that all Donation payments are final and will not be refunded unless GoFundMe, in its sole discretion, agrees to issue a refund, for example in accordance with the GoFundMe Guarantee. GoFundMe uses third-party payment processing partners to bill you through your Payment Instrument and Billing Account for any Donations made, and Donors acknowledge that by contributing a Donation to a Campaign, the Donor is agreeing to any and all applicable terms set forth by our payment partners (currently, WePay, Inc., Stripe, Inc., Adyen LLC, PayPal, Inc., and PayPal Giving Fund), in addition to these Terms of Service, including WePays terms of service, Stripes terms of service, Adyens terms of service, PayPals terms of service, and PayPal Giving Funds terms of service. GoFundMes payment partner in Australia is Adyen Australia. Adyen Australia contracts with GoFundMes Australian entity, GoFundMe Australia Pty Ltd (ACN 627 702 630), which entity is the contracting party responsible for transaction processed for the Australian user. Recurring Donations: Donors may have the option to contribute recurring period Donations (your agreement to make the Donations on a recurring basis, a Donation Subscription and each individual Donation made in connection with a Donation Subscription, a Donation Installment), and in electing to contribute on a recurring basis, you, as a Donor hereby acknowledge that Donation Subscriptions automatically renew and have a recurring payment feature, and that unless and until you opt out of the auto-renewal of the Donation Subscription, which can be done through the Platform, any Donation Subscriptions you have signed up for will be automatically extended for successive renewal periods of the same duration as the initial term originally selected. In connection with each of your Donation Subscriptions, you (i) hereby authorize GoFundMe to bill your Payment Instrument in the amount of the applicable Donation Installments in advance on a periodic basis until you terminate such periodic payments by opting out of the Donation Subscription, (ii) accept responsibility for payment of all Donation Installments occurring prior to opt out and (iii) agree to promptly update your Billing Account with any changes (for example, any changes related to your Payment Instrument, such as a change in your billing address or credit card expiration date). Changes to or termination of Donation Subscriptions or Donation Installments will apply only to Donation Installments that take place after GoFundMe receives notice of such change or termination. GoFundMe does not provide refunds of any amounts received in connection with previously made Donation Installments. Additionally, by enrolling in any Donation Subscriptions, you acknowledge and agree for any and all such Donation Subscriptions, that (a) the ongoing maintenance and operation of Donation Subscriptions and each Donation Installment are the sole responsibility of, and subject to the sole discretion of, the individual or entity responsible for managing and receiving the Donation Subscription (e.g., the applicable Campaign Organizer or Charity), (b) individual Donation Installments may not be tax deductible, even if previous Donation Installments for the same Donation Subscription were, and the amount of each Donation Installment that is tax deductible may vary, (c) one or more specific Donation Installment may not be provided to or received by the applicable cause, charity or Campaign if such cause, charity or Campaign becomes unavailable, unable to accept Donations, or chooses to stop receiving Donations, which may occur for various reasons, such as if the cause, charity or Campaign becomes subject to an investigation or is suspended or removed from the Services by GoFundMe or (d) the amounts actually received by the applicable Campaign, Charity or cause may differ from one Donation Installment to the next (for example, if the processing fees associated with the Donation Installment change). Your non-termination of a Donation Subscription reaffirms that GoFundMe is authorized to charge your Payment Instrument for the Donation Subscription in accordance with these terms. This does not waive our right to seek payment directly from you. Account Holds: From time to time, GoFundMe may place a hold on a Campaign account (a "Hold"), restricting Withdrawals (defined herein) by a Campaign Organizer. Some of the reasons that we may place a Hold on a Campaign Account include the following: (i) if we have reason to believe (in our sole discretion) that information provided by a Campaign Organizer is false, misleading, or fraudulent, or that funds are being used in a prohibited manner, (ii) if the funds available (as determined by GoFundMe in its sole discretion) should be provided directly to a person other than the Campaign Organizer (such as a legal beneficiary or person entitled by law to act on behalf of a Campaign Organizer), (iii) if we have reason to believe that a Campaign or Campaign Organizer has violated these Terms of Service, or (iv) if GoFundMe determines that the Campaign Organizer is colluding with donors to engage in fraudulent activity, (v) if we have reason to believe (in our sole discretion) that there may be suspicious or fraudulent donation activity, (vi) if required in order to comply with a court order, subpoena, writ, injunction, or as otherwise required under applicable laws and regulations. If you have questions about a Hold we may have placed on your Campaign account, or need information about how to resolve the Hold, please contact us at support@gofundme.com. Rewards: Reward Levels are not intended to be items available for purchase and GoFundMe cannot guarantee the delivery of Reward Levels in any way. Withdrawing Donations from a Campaign: You, as a Campaign Organizer (or, as applicable, the beneficiary designated by the Campaign), may withdraw Donations to your Campaign at any time up to the full amount of all Donations credited to your Campaign, less any applicable fees and any previously withdrawn amounts ("Withdrawals") and subject to any Holds that we or our payment partners may place on your Campaign account. A Campaign Organizer may withdraw Donations by electronic wire transfer to your bank account or by receipt of a paper check in certain cases. While GoFundMe strives to make Withdrawals available to you promptly, you acknowledge and agree that Withdrawals may not be available to you for use immediately, and GoFundMe does not guarantee that Withdrawals will be available to you within any specific time frame, and GoFundMe expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any delay or inability to access and use Withdrawals at any specified time, and any consequences arising from such delay or inability. You, as a Campaign Organizer, are responsible for ensuring that the information you provide to GoFundMe in order to process a Withdrawal, including your bank account information, is accurate and up to date. GoFundMe may, at any time, for any reason, and in its sole discretion, offer or issue a refund of donation(s) with or without consulting with you, which may comprise the entire amount donated to your campaign. GoFundMe is not responsible for any consequences caused by GoFundMe issuing refunds, including, but not limited to transaction or overdraft fees. You also acknowledge that GoFundMe is not liable to compensate you in any way for any loss. Special Notice for International Use; Export Controls: Software (defined below) available in connection with the Services and the transmission of applicable data, if any, may be subject to export controls and economic sanctions laws of the United States or other jurisdictions. No Software may be downloaded from the Services or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of such export control and economic sanctions laws. Downloading or using the Software is at your sole risk. Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules and laws regarding your use of the Services, including as it concerns online conduct and acceptable content. Apple-Enabled Software Applications GoFundMe offers Software applications that are intended to be operated in connection with products made commercially available by Apple Inc. ("Apple"), among other platforms. With respect to Software that is made available for your use in connection with an Apple-branded product (such Software, "Apple-Enabled Software"), in addition to the other terms and conditions set forth in these Terms of Service, the following terms and conditions apply: GoFundMe and you acknowledge that these Terms of Service are concluded between GoFundMe and you only, and not with Apple, and that as between GoFundMe and Apple, GoFundMe, not Apple, is solely responsible for the Apple-Enabled Software and the content thereof. You may not use the Apple-Enabled Software in any manner that is in violation of or inconsistent with the Usage Rules set forth for Apple-Enabled Software in, or otherwise be in conflict with, the App Store Terms of Service. Your license to use the Apple-Enabled Software is limited to a non-transferable license to use the Apple-Enabled Software on an iOS Product that you own or control, as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the App Store Terms of Service. Apple has no obligation whatsoever to provide any maintenance or support services with respect to the Apple-Enabled Software. Apple is not responsible for any product warranties, whether express or implied by law. In the event of any failure of the Apple-Enabled Software to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the Apple-Enabled Software to you, if any; and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Apple-Enabled Software, or any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty, which will be GoFundMe's sole responsibility, to the extent it cannot be disclaimed under applicable law. GoFundMe and you acknowledge that GoFundMe, not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims of you or any third party relating to the Apple-Enabled Software or your possession and/or use of that Apple-Enabled Software, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Apple-Enabled Software fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. In the event of any third party claim that the Apple-Enabled Software or the end-user's possession and use of that Apple-Enabled Software infringes that third party's intellectual property rights, as between GoFundMe and Apple, GoFundMe, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim. You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country; (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties and (iii) you are not located in any other country or jurisdiction from which you would be barred from using the Services by applicable law. If you have any questions, complaints or claims with respect to the Apple-Enabled Software, they should be directed to GoFundMe as follows: support@gofundme.com 855 Jefferson Ave PO Box 1329 Redwood City, CA 94063 GoFundMe and you acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple's subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms of Service with respect to the Apple-Enabled Software, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms of Service against you with respect to the Apple-Enabled Software as a third-party beneficiary thereof. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge and agree that GoFundMe enters into this clause (Apple-Enabled Software Applications) for its own benefit and on its own behalf and also as an agent for the benefit and on behalf of Apple and its subsidiaries with respect to the exercise and enforcement of all rights, benefits and remedies of Apple and its subsidiaries (but not any obligation or burden) in this clause (Apple-Enabled Software Applications) which rights, benefits and remedies shall be enforceable by GoFundMe in its own right and also as agent for and on behalf of each of Apple and its subsidiaries. GoFundMe may amend, terminate or rescind these Terms of Service without the consent of Apple or any such subsidiary. Intellectual Property Rights Services Content, Software and Trademarks: You acknowledge and agree that the Services may contain content or features ("Services Content") that are protected by copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by GoFundMe, you agree not to modify, copy, frame, scrape, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Services or the Services Content, in whole or in part, except that the foregoing does not apply to your own User Content (as defined below) that you legally upload to the Services. In connection with your use of the Services you will not engage in or use any data mining, robots, scraping or similar data gathering or extraction methods. If you are blocked by GoFundMe from accessing the Services (including by blocking your IP address), you agree not to implement any measures to circumvent such blocking (e.g., by masking your IP address or using a proxy IP address). Any use of the Services or the Services Content other than as specifically authorized herein is strictly prohibited. The technology and software underlying the Services or distributed in connection therewith are the property of GoFundMe, our affiliates and our partners (the "Software"). You agree not to copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by GoFundMe. The GoFundMe name and logos are trademarks and service marks of GoFundMe (collectively the "GoFundMe Trademarks"). Other company, product, and service names and logos used and displayed via the Services may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners, who may or may not endorse or be affiliated with or connected to GoFundMe. Nothing in these Terms of Service or the Services should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of GoFundMe Trademarks displayed on the Services, without our prior written permission in each instance. All goodwill generated from the use of GoFundMe Trademarks will inure to our exclusive benefit. Third-Party Material: Under no circumstances will GoFundMe be liable in any way for any content or materials of any third parties (including users and Campaign Organizers) or any User Content (defined below, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any such content. You acknowledge that GoFundMe does not pre-screen content, but that GoFundMe and its designees will have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse, remove, or allow any content that is available via the Services. Without limiting the foregoing, GoFundMe and its designees will have the right to remove any content that violates these Terms of Service or is deemed by GoFundMe, in its sole discretion, to be otherwise objectionable. User Content Transmitted Through the Services: With respect to the content, photos, videos, images, trademarks, logos, brands or other materials you upload or post through the Services or share with other users or recipients (collectively, "User Content"), you represent and warrant that you own all right, title and interest in and to, or otherwise have all necessary rights and consents to (and to allow others to) fully exploit, such User Content, including, without limitation, as it concerns all copyrights, trademark rights and rights of publicity or privacy related thereto. By uploading, sharing, providing, or otherwise making available any User Content, or any portion thereof, in connection with the Services, you hereby grant and will grant GoFundMe and its affiliated companies a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty free, fully paid up, transferable, sublicensable, perpetual, irrevocable license to copy, display, upload, perform, distribute, store, modify and otherwise use your User Content in connection with the operation of the Services or the promotion, advertising or marketing thereof, in any form, medium or technology now known or later developed. Without limiting the foregoing, if any User Content contains your name, image or likeness, you hereby release and hold harmless GoFundMe and its contractors and employees, from (i) all claims for invasion of privacy, publicity or libel, (ii) any liability or other claims by virtue of any blurring, distortion, alteration, optical illusion, or other use or exploitation of your name, image or likeness, and (iii) any liability for claims made by you (or any successor to any claim you might bring) in connection with your User Content, name, image or likeness. You waive any right to inspect or approve any intermediary version(s) or finished version(s) of the results of the use of your User Content (including your name, image or likeness). Further, if any person (other than you) appears in your User Content, you represent and warrant that you have secured all necessary licenses, waivers and releases from such person(s) for the benefit of GoFundMe in a manner fully consistent with the licenses, waivers and releases set forth above. You further acknowledge that your participation in the Services and submission of User Content is voluntary and that you will not receive financial compensation of any type associated with the licenses, waivers, and releases set forth herein (or GoFundMe's exploitation thereof), and that the sole consideration for subject matter of this agreement is the opportunity to use the Services. We do not guarantee that any Services Content will be made available through the Services. We reserve the right to, but do not have any obligation to, (i) remove, edit or modify any Services Content or User Content, in our sole discretion, at any time, without notice to you and for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Services Content or User Content, or if we are concerned that you may have violated these Terms of Service), or for no reason at all and (ii) to remove or block any Services Content or User Content from the Services. You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback or other information about the Services ("Submissions"), provided by you to GoFundMe are non-confidential and GoFundMe will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. You acknowledge and agree that GoFundMe may preserve content and may also disclose content if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with legal process, applicable laws or government requests; (b) enforce these Terms of Service; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of GoFundMe, its users or the public. Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard: The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) is a set of industry-mandated requirements for any business that handles, processes, or stores credit cards. The primary purpose of the standards is to maintain controls around cardholder data to reduce credit card fraud. As a service provider, GoFundMe is PCI DSS compliant and will maintain all applicable PCI DSS requirements to the extent that we possess or otherwise store, process, or transmit cardholder data on behalf of you, or to the extent that we can in any way impact the security of your cardholder data environment. Copyright Complaints: GoFundMe respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, you should notify GoFundMe of your infringement claim in accordance with the procedure set forth below. GoFundMe will process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other applicable intellectual property laws with respect to any alleged or actual infringement. A notification of claimed copyright infringement should be emailed to GoFundMe's Copyright Agent at support@gofundme.com (Subject line: "DMCA Takedown Request"). You may also contact us by mail or facsimile at: GoFundMe Copyright Agent: GoFundMe, Inc. Attn: Legal 855 Jefferson Ave PO Box 1329 Redwood City, CA 94063 To be effective, the notification must be in writing and contain the following information: an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest; a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Services, with enough detail that we may find it on the Services; your address, telephone number, and email address; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf. Counter-Notice: If you believe that your User Content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or pursuant to the law, to upload and use the content in your User Content, you may send a written counter-notice containing the following information to the above-listed Copyright Agent: your physical or electronic signature; identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled; a statement that you have a good-faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the content; and your name, address, telephone number, and email address, and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement. If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent, GoFundMe will send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party, informing that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or user, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at our sole discretion. Repeat Infringer Policy: In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, GoFundMe has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at GoFundMe's sole discretion, users who are deemed to be repeat infringers. GoFundMe may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Services and/or terminate the memberships of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement. Third Party Websites/Services The Services or third parties may provide or facilitate links, tools, widgets or other features that allow you to access other sites, services and resources provided by third parties (collectively, Third Party Resources). GoFundMe has no control over such Third Party Resources or any products, services or content made available through or by such Third Party Resources, or the business practices of the third parties providing such Third Party Resources, and GoFundMe is not responsible for and does not endorse such Third Party Resources or the products, services or content made available thereby. You acknowledge that GoFundMe is not responsible or liable for the content, functions, accuracy, legality, appropriateness or any other aspect of such Third Party Resources. You further acknowledge and agree that GoFundMe will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any content, events, goods or services available on or through any such Third Party Resources. Any dealings you have with third parties found while using the Services are between you and the third party and may be subject to additional terms provided by the third party, which you agree to by using such Third Party Resources, and you agree that GoFundMe is not liable for any loss or claim that you may have against any such third party. Indemnity and Release You agree to release, indemnify on demand and hold GoFundMe and its affiliates and their officers, employees, directors and agents harmless from any from any and all losses, damages, expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, costs, awards, fines, damages, rights, claims, actions of any kind and injury (including death) arising out of or relating to your use of the Services, any Donation or Campaign, any User Content, your connection to the Services, your violation of these Terms of Service or your violation of any rights of another. If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor." If you are a resident of another jurisdictionin or outside of the United Statesyou waive any comparable statute or doctrine. Disclaimer of Warranties YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. GOFUNDME AND ITS AFFILIATES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM AND EXCLUDE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS AND REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. GOFUNDME AND ITS AFFILIATES MAKE NO WARRANTY OR CONDITION THAT (I) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (II) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (III) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, OR (IV) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS. Limitation of Liability YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER GOFUNDME NOR ITS AFFILIATES WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY (A) INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, (B) DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, (C) DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, (D) DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, (E) LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA, OR (F) OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF GOFUNDME HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, RESULTING FROM (I) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE; (II) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE; (III) ANY PROMOTIONS AND RELATED PRIZES OR REWARDS MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES; (IV) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (V) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE; OR (VI) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL GOFUNDME'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES (INCLUDING CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STATUTORY LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE) OR CAUSES OF ACTION EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID GOFUNDME IN THE LAST SIX (6) MONTHS, OR, IF GREATER, ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100). SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE OR WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SERVICES. DISPUTES ARBITRATION CLAUSE &amp; CLASS ACTION WAIVER  IMPORTANT  PLEASE REVIEW AS THIS AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS Arbitration; Waiver of Trial by Jury. YOU AGREE THAT ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US OR ANY OF OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS OR EMPLOYEES ACTING IN THEIR CAPACITY AS SUCH (WHETHER OR NOT SUCH DISPUTE INVOLVES A THIRD PARTY) WITH REGARD TO YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH US, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DISPUTES RELATED TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, AND/OR RIGHTS OF PRIVACY AND/OR PUBLICITY, WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION UNDER THE JAMS, INC. (JAMS) RULES FOR ARBITRATION OF CONSUMER-RELATED DISPUTES, AND YOU AND WE HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT WE OR YOU MAY SEEK INJUNCTIVE OR OTHER EQUITABLE RELIEF IN ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT HAVING JURISDICTION TO GRANT IT IN THE EVENT OF AN ACTUAL OR THREATENED INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. DISCOVERY AND RIGHTS TO APPEAL IN ARBITRATION ARE GENERALLY MORE LIMITED THAN IN A LAWSUIT, AND OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU AND WE WOULD HAVE IN COURT MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION. Small Claims Court; Class Action Waiver. As an alternative, you may bring your claim in your local small claims court, if permitted by that small claims courts rules and if within such courts jurisdiction, unless such action is transferred, removed or appealed to a different court. You may bring claims only on your own behalf. Neither you nor we will participate in a class action or class-wide arbitration for any claims covered by this agreement to arbitrate. YOU ARE GIVING UP YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AS A CLASS REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS MEMBER ON ANY CLASS CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST US INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY RIGHT TO CLASS ARBITRATION OR ANY CONSOLIDATION OF INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATIONS. You also agree not to participate in claims brought in a private attorney general or representative capacity, or consolidated claims involving another persons account, if we are a party to the proceeding. Procedures. These dispute resolution provisions will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and not by any state law concerning arbitration. In the event that JAMS is unwilling or unable to set a hearing date within one hundred and sixty (160) days of filing the case, then either we or you can elect to have the arbitration administered instead by the American Arbitration Association. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having competent jurisdiction. Any provision of applicable law notwithstanding, the arbitrator will not have authority to award damages, remedies or awards that conflict with these Terms of Service. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of, related to or connected with the use of the Services or these Terms of Service must be filed within one (1) year after such claim of action arose or be forever banned. 30-Day Opt-Out Period. If you do not wish to be bound by the arbitration and class-action waiver provisions in this Disputes section, you must notify us in writing within thirty (30) days of the date that you first accept these Terms of Service (unless a longer period is required by applicable law), and then you must litigate any disputes against us in accordance with the Governing Law and Jurisdiction section below. Your written notification must be mailed to us at the address set out at the end of these Terms of Service. If you do not notify us in accordance with this paragraph, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Disputes section, including without limitation the arbitration and class-action waiver provisions, and further including such provisions in any revisions we make to these Terms of Service after the date of your first acceptance. Such notification must include: (i) your name; (ii) your email and mailing address, and (iii) a statement that you do not wish to resolve disputes with us through arbitration or waive your ability to participate in a class action. If we make any changes to this Disputes section (other than a change to the address at which we will receive notices or rejections of future changes to this Disputes section), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice, within thirty (30) days of the change, to the address set out at the end of these Terms of Service. It is not necessary to send us a rejection of a future change to this Disputes section if you had properly opted out within the first thirty (30) days after you first accepted the provisions in this Disputes section. If you have not properly opted out, then by rejecting a future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this Disputes section, as modified by any changes you did not reject. A notification sent pursuant to this paragraph solely affects these Terms of Service; if you previously entered into other arbitration or dispute resolution agreements with us or enter into other such agreements in the future, your notification that you are opting out of the provisions in this Disputes section shall not affect the other arbitration agreements between you and us. Severability. If any of the prohibitions against class actions and other claims brought on behalf of third parties contained above is found to be unenforceable, then all of the preceding language in this Disputes section will be null and void. This Disputes section, including without limitation the arbitration agreement and class action waivers contained herein, will survive the termination of your relationship with us. Notwithstanding any provision in these Terms of Service to the contrary, we agree that if GoFundMe makes any future change to this arbitration provision (other than a change to the Notice Address) while you are a user of the Services, you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within thirty (30) calendar days of the change to the Arbitration Notice Address provided above. By rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this provision. The provisions of this arbitration agreement shall only be in effect to the extent they are permitted under applicable laws. If the JAMS Rules cannot be applied to an arbitration under applicable law, then the rules of the local governing arbitration body shall apply instead. Termination You agree that GoFundMe, in its sole discretion, may suspend or terminate your account (or any part thereof) or use of the Services and remove and discard any content within the Services under reasonable circumstances, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if GoFundMe believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these Terms of Service. Any suspected fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity that may be grounds for termination of your use of Services, may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. You agree that any termination of your access to the Services under any provision of these Terms of Service may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that GoFundMe may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files or the Services where such deactivation or deletion is permitted under these Terms of Service. Further, you agree that GoFundMe will not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the Services. User Disputes You agree that you are solely responsible for your interactions with any other user in connection with the Services and GoFundMe will have no liability or responsibility with respect thereto. GoFundMe reserves the right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with disputes between you and any other user of the Services. General These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between you and GoFundMe and govern your use of the Services, superseding any prior agreements between you and GoFundMe with respect to the Services. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate or third-party services, third-party content or third-party software. These Terms of Service will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. With respect to any disputes or claims not subject to arbitration, as set forth above, you and GoFundMe agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within San Mateo County, California. The failure of GoFundMe to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms of Service is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be (or are otherwise) invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms of Service remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Services or these Terms of Service must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form will be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. You may not assign these Terms of Service without the prior written consent of GoFundMe, but GoFundMe may assign or transfer these Terms of Service, in whole or in part, without restriction. If we fail to enforce any of our rights, that does not result in a waiver of that right. The section titles in these Terms of Service are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Notices to you may be made via either email or regular mail. The Services may also provide notices to you of changes to these Terms of Service or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices generally on the Platform. Privacy Policy At GoFundMe, we respect the privacy of our users. For details please see our Privacy Policy. By using the Services, you consent to our collection and use of personal data as outlined therein. If you are in Europe, by using the Services, you acknowledge GoFundMe's collection and use of personal information as described in the Privacy Policy. Questions? Concerns? Suggestions? Please contact us at support@gofundme.com to report any violations of these Terms of Service or to pose any questions regarding these Terms of Service or the Services. 