 
 GoFundMe Terms of Service Questions about our terms? Contact Us Date of Last Revision: September 30, 2019 GoFundMe, Inc. provides its platform to you through its website and mobile applications (the "Platform") and related services (collectively, the Platform, including any new features and applications, the "Services"), subject to the following terms of service, as amended from time to time (the "Terms of Service"). If you are a campaign organizer (as defined below), beneficiary to a campaign, comment contributor, or donor (collectively referred to herein as a User) located in the United States, you are contracting with GoFundMe, Inc., 855 Jefferson Avenue, PO Box 1329, Redwood City, CA, 94063. If you are a User located outside of the United States but not in Australia, you are contracting with GoFundMe Ireland, Ltd., 70 Sir John Rogersons Quay, Dublin 2. If you are a User located in Australia you are contracting with GoFundMe Australia PTY Ltd., Tower One  International Towers Sydney, Level 46, 100 Barangaroo Avenue, 2000, Sydney, NSW. For purposes of the following Terms of Service, GoFundMe, we, us, our, and other similar terms, shall refer to the party with whom you are contracting. ARBITRATION, JURY TRIAL, AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER: EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE DESCRIBED IN THE DISPUTES SECTION BELOW, BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN US WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION. PLEASE REVIEW THE DISPUTES SECTION CAREFULLY; BY ENTERING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change or modify portions of these Terms of Service at any time. When we do this, we will post the revised Terms of Service on this page and will indicate the date of such revision. Your continued use of the Services after the date of any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Service. To the extent allowed by law, the English version of these Terms of Service is binding and other translations are for convenience only. If you do not wish to accept the new Terms of Service, you may discontinue your use of the Services. In addition, when using the Services, and unless you are in Europe, you will be subject to additional applicable policies including without limitation, the Privacy Policy located at https://www.gofundme.com/privacy. All such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms of Service (provided, however, these Terms of Service will take precedence in the event of conflict). We shall resolve any such conflicts in our sole discretion, and all of our determinations are final. Access and Use of the Services Services Description: The Services are offered as a platform to allow an individual (the "Campaign Organizer") to post a fundraising campaign ("Campaign") to the Platform to accept monetary donations ("Donations") from donors ("Donors"). Although there are no fees to set up a Campaign, industry-standard transaction fees apply (hereinafter and on the website referred to as "Transaction Fees") to the Services rendered to Campaign Organizers. To learn more about GoFundMes Platform and applicable Transaction Fees, visit https://www.gofundme.com/why-gofundme. The Services are a platform; We are not a Broker, Financial Institution, Creditor or Charity: The Services are an administrative platform only. GoFundMe facilitates the Campaign of the Campaign Organizers and permits Donors to make donations to these Campaign Organizers. GoFundMe is not a broker, agent, financial institution, creditor or 501(c)(3) nonprofit corporation (Charity) All information and content provided by GoFundMe relating to the Services is for informational purposes only, and GoFundMe does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or reliability of any such information or content. No content is intended to provide financial, legal, tax or other professional advice. Before making any decisions regarding any Campaigns, Charities, Donations, Donors, or any information or content relating to the Services, you should consult your financial, legal, tax or other professional advisor as appropriate. You acknowledge that all information and content accessed by you using the Services is at your own risk. GoFundMe has no control over the conduct of, or any information provided by, a Campaign Organizer, a Charity, or other user and hereby disclaims all liability in this regard to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. We do not guarantee that a Campaign or a Charity will obtain a certain amount of Donations or any Donations at all. We do not endorse any Campaign, Campaign Organizer, or Charity, and we make no guarantee, express or implied, that any information provided through the Services is accurate. We expressly disclaim any liability or responsibility for the outcome or success of any Campaign. You, as a Donor, must make the final determination as to the value and appropriateness of contributing to any Campaign, Campaign Organizer, or Charity. Donors. All Donations are at your own risk. When you make a Donation through the Services, it is your responsibility to understand how your money will be used. GoFundMe is not responsible for any offers, promises, rewards or promotions made or offered by Charities, Campaigns or Campaign Organizers. We do not and cannot verify the information that Campaign Organizers supply, nor do we represent or guarantee that the Donations will be used in accordance with any fundraising purpose prescribed by a Campaign Organizer, Beneficiary or Charity or in accordance with applicable laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we take possible fraudulent activity and the misuse of funds raised very seriously. You can learn more about our Fraud Policy at https://www.gofundme.com/safety. If you have reason to believe that a Campaign Organizer or Charity is not raising or using the funds for their stated purpose, please use the "Report" button on the Campaign or Charity to alert our team of this potential issue and we will investigate. If you are a donor, you may also be covered by the GoFundMe Guarantee. Policy details are located at https://www.gofundme.com/guarantee-refund-policy. You, as a Campaign Organizer, represent, warrant, and covenant that (i) all information you provide in connection with a Campaign is accurate, complete, and not likely to deceive reasonable Users; (ii) all Donations contributed to your Campaign will be used solely as described in the materials that you post or otherwise provide; (iii) you will not infringe the rights of others; (iv) you will comply with all relevant and applicable financial reporting obligations, including but not limited to laws and regulations relating to tax reporting, political contributions, and asset disclosures for your project; and (v) to the extent you share with us any personal data of any third party for any purpose, including the names, email addresses and phone numbers of your personal contacts, you have the authority (including any necessary consents), as required under applicable law, to provide us with such personal data and allow us to use such personal data for the purposes for which you shared it with us. You authorize GoFundMe, and GoFundMe reserves the right to, provide information relating to your Campaign to Donors, beneficiaries of your Campaign or law enforcement, and to assist in any investigation thereof. Your Registration Obligations: You may be required to register with GoFundMe in order to access and use certain features of the Services. If you choose to register for the Services, you agree to provide and maintain true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Services' registration form. Campaign Organizers must register using their true identities, including their name and any image or video purporting to depict the Campaign Organizer or the beneficiary of such campaign. Registration data and certain other information about you are governed by our Privacy Policy. If you are under 13 years of age (16 in Europe), you are not authorized to use the Services, with or without registering. In addition, if you are under the age of majority in your jurisdiction (typically 18 or 19 years of age), you may use the Services, with or without registering, only with the approval of your parent or guardian. Certain aspects of our Services may also require you to register with, and agree to the terms of, third-party service providers (e.g., payment processors), with whom GoFundMe has entered into contracts, in order to be able to benefit from their services. If GoFundMe or one of our payments processors at any time discovers that the information you provided about you or the purpose of your Campaign is incorrect or violates any of these Terms of Service or their terms of service, the Services may be suspended and/or terminated with immediate effect and fines may be applied by the relevant authorities which will in all such cases be payable by you. You acknowledge and agree that the use of third party payment processors are integral to the Services and that we may exchange information with such third parties in order to facilitate the provision of Services as set out in our Privacy Policy. Taxes: It is your responsibility to determine what, if any, taxes apply to the Donations you receive through your use of the Services. It is solely your responsibility to assess, collect, report or remit the correct tax, if any, to the appropriate tax authority. Member Account, Password and Security: You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, if any, and are fully responsible for any and all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify GoFundMe of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) sign out from your account at the end of each session when accessing the Services. GoFundMe will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section. Modifications to Services: GoFundMe reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Services (or any part thereof) at any time and for any reason, with or without notice, and without any liability to you or to any third party for any claims, damages, costs, or losses resulting therefrom. Content Manifestly Made Public by the User. Public Content; Unsolicited Information; Public Display of Donations: Some of your activity on and through the Services is public, such as content you post publicly on the website. Additionally, user profile information, including your first and last name, public email address, organization, personal biography, and other information you enter in connection with your user profile may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the Services. For example, as a Campaign Organizer, you might post your personal data - such as information about a recent hospital stay - which data might be considered sensitive data. In addition, as a Donor, you have the option to publicly display your Donation for all to see, including on search engines (like Google and Yahoo). To keep the details of your Donation private, simply click the "Private" checkbox during the Donation process. Please remember that if you choose to provide information using certain public features of the Services, then that information is governed by the privacy settings of those particular features and may be publicly available. Individuals reading such information may use or disclose it to other individuals or entities without our knowledge and without your knowledge, and search engines may index that information. We therefore urge you to think carefully about including any specific information you may deem private in content that you create or information that you submit through the Services. Please see our Privacy Policy for information on the ways that we may collect, use, and store certain information about you and your use of the Services. Unsolicited Information. Please be advised that unsolicited information you provide may be publicly accessible, such as information you post in forums or comment sections. We also collect information through customer support communications, your communications to us of ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, with publicly-accessible information, "Unsolicited Information"). By sending us Unsolicited Information, you (a) agree that we are under no obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Unsolicited Information, (b) acknowledge that we may have something similar to the Unsolicited Information already under consideration or in development, (c) grant us an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide license to use, modify, prepare derivative works, publish, distribute and sublicense the Unsolicited Information, and (d) irrevocably waive, and cause to be waived, against GoFundMe and its users any claims and assertions of any moral rights contained in such Unsolicited Information. This Unsolicited Information section shall survive any termination of your account or the Services. Third-Party Communications: If you use any feature of the Services that allows you to communicate with third parties (such as to refer a third party to the Services or to communicate with them regarding a campaign or a donation), either by submitting Third-Party Data to the Services or otherwise permitting the Services to automatically access Third-Party Data in your possession, you acknowledge and agree that you have the authority of the relevant third party for us to access and use the relevant Third-Party Data and that you have notified these third parties and informed them how their information is collected and used by GoFundMe to provide the Services. We reserve the right to identify you as the person who has made the referral in any messages that are sent to them. We use Third-Party Data to (1) contact such third party using the Third-Party Data provided, and/or (2) provide you with an editable template message designed to facilitate communication between and such third party through the Services. In addition to sending the foregoing communications we may also send reminders or related messages to you and to third parties on your behalf from time to time where permitted by applicable law. In each case, any such communication sent to third parties using Third-Party Data will provide a means to opt-out of receiving further communication of the same nature. Promotions: You are not permitted to offer any contest, competition, give-away, raffle, sweepstakes or similar activity (each, a "Promotion") on or through the Services. Data Retention: You acknowledge that GoFundMe has no obligation to you to retain data relating to any account or campaign. You acknowledge that GoFundMe reserves the right to delete data or to terminate accounts or Campaigns at any time and for any reason, with or without notice, and without any liability to you or to any third party for any claims, damages, costs or losses resulting therefrom. Mobile Services: The Services include certain features that may be made available via a mobile device, including the ability to (i) upload content to the Platform, (ii) browse the Platform and (iii) access certain items through an application downloaded and installed on a mobile device (collectively, the "Mobile Services"). To the extent you access Mobile Services, your wireless service carrier's standard charges, data rates and other fees may apply. In addition, downloading, installing, or using certain Mobile Services may be prohibited or restricted by your carrier, and not all Mobile Services may work with all carriers or devices. By using the Mobile Services, you agree that we may communicate with you by SMS, MMS, text message or other electronic means to your mobile device and that certain information about your usage of the Mobile Services may be communicated to us. We shall comply with any additional requirements that may apply under local laws and regulations before communicating with you in this manner. In the event that you change or deactivate your mobile telephone number, you agree to promptly update your GoFundMe account information to ensure that your messages are not sent to the person that acquires your old number. Prohibited Conduct User Conduct: You are solely responsible for all Campaign descriptions, comments, videos, images, information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, messages or other materials (the "Content") that you upload, post, publish, display, transmit or otherwise use (hereinafter, "Upload"). If you are not the beneficiary of the Campaign you organize, you agree to deliver funds to the ultimate beneficiary directly and as soon as possible. You agree to fully cooperate with any request we make for evidence we deem necessary to verify your compliance with these Terms of Service. The following are examples of Content and/or use that is illegal or prohibited by GoFundMe. This list is not exhaustive and we reserve the right to remove any Campaign and/or investigate any User who, in our sole discretion, violates any of the terms or spirit of these Terms of Service. As we investigate Your Campaign, a User, or a Users Content, we may consider all available material including but not limited to social media, related news, and any other information that we, in our sole discretion, deem relevant in our review. We further reserve the right, without limitation, to ban your use of the Services, remove the offending Content, suspend or terminate Your account, stop payments to any such Campaign, freeze or place a hold on Donations, and report you to law enforcement authorities or otherwise take appropriate legal action including seeking restitution on behalf of ourselves and/or our users. Without limiting the foregoing, you agree: not to use the Services to raise funds or establish or contribute to any Campaign with the implicit or explicit purpose of or involving: the violation of any law, regulation, industry requirement, or third-party guidelines or agreements by which you are bound, including those of payment card providers and transaction processors that you utilize in connection with the Services; any election campaigns that are not run by a registered organization within the supported country; Content or campaigns that are fraudulent, misleading, inaccurate, dishonest, or impossible; drugs, narcotics, steroids, controlled substances, pharmaceuticals or similar products or therapies that are either illegal, prohibited, or enjoined by an applicable regulatory body; legal substances that provide the same effect as an illegal drug; or other products, medical practices, or any related equipment or paraphernalia that have been found by an applicable regulatory body to cause consumer harm; knives, explosives, ammunition, firearms, or other weaponry or accessories; annuities, investments, loans, equity or lottery contracts, lay-away systems, off-shore banking or similar transactions, money service businesses (including currency exchanges, check cashing or the like), pyramid schemes, get rich quick schemes (i.e., Investment opportunities or other services that promise high rewards), network marketing and referral marketing programs, debt collection or crypto-currencies; gambling, gaming and/or any other activity with an entry fee and a prize, including, but not limited to raffles, casino games, sports betting, fantasy sports, horse or greyhound racing, lottery tickets, raffle tickets, auctions and other ventures that facilitate gambling, games of skill or chance (whether or not it is legally defined as a lottery), promotions involving monetary rewards, including gift cards, or sweepstakes; Content that we deem, in our sole discretion, to be in support of hate, violence, harassment, bullying, discrimination, terrorism, or intolerance of any kind relating to race, ethnicity, national origin, religious affiliation, sexual orientation, sex, gender or gender identity, or serious disabilities or diseases; Content that we deem, in our sole discretion, to be for the legal defense of alleged crimes associated with hate, violence, harassment, bullying, discrimination, terrorism, or intolerance of any kind relating to race, ethnicity, national origin, religious affiliation, sexual orientation, sex, gender or gender identity, serious disabilities or diseases, or financial crimes or crimes of deception; activities with, in, or involving countries, regions, governments, persons, or entities that are subject to U.S. and other economic sanctions under applicable law, unless such activities are expressly authorized by the appropriate governmental authority; funding a ransom, human trafficking or exploitation, vigilantism, bribes or bounty; pornography or other sexual content; offensive, graphic, perverse or sensitive content; the sale of items before the seller has control or possession of the item; collecting payments on behalf of merchants by payment processors or otherwise; including but not limited to self-payments on campaigns or an attempt to bypass or otherwise circumvent the designated method of payment as provided by GoFundMe; credit repair or debt settlement services; the receipt or grant of cash advances or lines of credit to yourself or to another person for purposes other than those purposes clearly stated in the Campaign; publication or removal of Content (such as mug shots), where the primary purpose of posting such Content is to cause or raise concerns of reputational harm; sale or resale of a service without added benefit to the buyer; resale of government offerings without authorization or added value; aggregation of funds owed to third parties, factoring, or other activities intended to obfuscate the origin of funds; counterfeit music, movies, software, or other licensed materials without the appropriate authorization from the rights holder; products or services that directly infringe or facilitate infringement upon the trademark, patent, copyright, trade secrets, or proprietary or privacy rights of any third party; unauthorized sale or resale of brand name or designer products or services; sale of goods or services that are illegally imported or exported; processing where there is no bona fide donation accepted; cash advance; card testing; evasion of card network chargeback monitoring programs; collecting or providing funds for any purpose other than as described in a Campaign description; any other activity that GoFundMe may deem in its sole discretion to be in support of individuals and/or entities associated with alleged financial crimes including but not limited to corruption, bribery, tax evasion, fraud, and activities of a similar nature; or any other activity that GoFundMe may deem in its sole discretion to be unacceptable. not to use the Services to transmit or otherwise upload any Content that (i) infringes any intellectual property or other proprietary rights of any party; (ii) you do not have a right to upload under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; (iii) contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (iv) poses or creates a privacy or security risk to any person; (v) constitutes unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, commercial activities and/or sales, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," "contests," "sweepstakes," or any other form of solicitation; or (vi) in the sole judgment of GoFundMe, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Services, or which may expose GoFundMe or its users to any harm or liability of any type; or not to interfere with or disrupt servers or networks connected to the Services, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Services; or not to harvest or collect email addresses or other contact information of other users from the Services by electronic or other means; or not to raise funds for a minor without the express permission of the minors guardian unless the funds are transferred into a trust account for the sole benefit of the minor. Additionally, with respect to all Donations you make or accept through the Services, you agree: not to make or accept any donations that you know or suspect to be erroneous, suspicious or fraudulent; not to use the Services in or for the benefit of a country, organization, entity, or person embargoed or blocked by any government, including those on sanctions lists identified by the United States Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC); to maintain reasonable and standard security measures to protect any information transmitted and received through the Services, including without limitation by adhering to any security procedures and controls required by GoFundMe from time to time; to maintain a copy of all electronic and other records related to Campaigns and Donations as necessary for GoFundMe to verify compliance with these Terms of Service and make such records available to GoFundMe upon our request. For clarity, the foregoing does not affect or limit your obligations to maintain documentation as required by applicable laws, rules, regulations, or governmental authority; and at GoFundMes request, including without limitation in case of investigations by GoFundMe, a payment processing partner, or a regulatory or governmental authority, to fully cooperate in the auditing of such records, investigation of the relevant circumstances and remedy of any uncovered violation or wrongdoing. GoFundMe reserves the right to refuse, condition, or suspend any Donations or other transactions that we believe in our sole discretion may violate the Terms of Service or harm the interests of our users, business partners, the public, or GoFundMe, or that expose you, GoFundMe, or others to risks unacceptable to us. We may share any information related to your use of the Services with the appropriate financial institution, regulatory authority, or law enforcement agency consistent with our legal obligations. This information may include information about you, your account, your Donors, your Donations, and transactions made through or in connection with your use of the Services. Donor Conduct Donations: In order to contribute to a Campaign or to a Charity, a Donor will be required to provide GoFundMe information regarding its credit card or other payment instrument (Payment Instrument) that is linked to the Donors account on the Services (a Billing Account). You, as a Donor, represent and warrant to GoFundMe that such information is true and that you are authorized to use the applicable Payment Instrument. You agree that a certain minimum Donation amount may apply, and that all Donation payments are final and will not be refunded unless GoFundMe, in its sole discretion, agrees to issue a refund, for example in accordance with the GoFundMe Guarantee. GoFundMe uses third-party payment processing partners to bill you through your Payment Instrument and Billing Account for any Donations made, and Donors acknowledge that by contributing a Donation to a Campaign, the Donor is agreeing to any and all applicable terms set forth by our payment partners (currently, WePay, Inc., Stripe, Inc., Adyen LLC, PayPal, Inc., and our charity partner, PayPal Giving Fund), in addition to these Terms of Service, including WePays terms of service, Stripes terms of service, Adyens terms of service, PayPals terms of service, and PayPal Giving Funds terms of service. GoFundMes payment partner in Australia is Adyen Australia. Adyen Australia contracts with GoFundMes Australian entity, GoFundMe Australia Pty Ltd (ACN 627 702 630), which entity is the contracting party responsible for transactions benefitting the Australian user. Recurring Donations: Donors may have the option to contribute recurring period Donations (your agreement to make the Donations on a recurring basis, a Donation Subscription and each individual Donation made in connection with a Donation Subscription, a Donation Installment), and in electing to contribute on a recurring basis, you, as a Donor hereby acknowledge that Donation Subscriptions automatically renew and have a recurring payment feature, and that unless and until you opt out of the auto-renewal of the Donation Subscription, which can be done through the Platform, any Donation Subscriptions you have signed up for will be automatically extended for successive renewal periods of the same duration as the initial term originally selected. In connection with each of your Donation Subscriptions, you (i) hereby authorize GoFundMe to bill your Payment Instrument in the amount of the applicable Donation Installments in advance on a periodic basis until you terminate such periodic payments by opting out of the Donation Subscription, (ii) accept responsibility for payment of all Donation Installments occurring prior to opt out and (iii) agree to promptly update your Billing Account with any changes (for example, any changes related to your Payment Instrument, such as a change in your billing address or credit card expiration date). Changes to or termination of Donation Subscriptions or Donation Installments will apply only to Donation Installments that take place after GoFundMe receives notice of such change or termination. GoFundMe does not provide refunds of any amounts received in connection with previously made Donation Installments. Additionally, by enrolling in any Donation Subscriptions, you acknowledge and agree for any and all such Donation Subscriptions, that (a) the ongoing maintenance and operation of Donation Subscriptions and each Donation Installment are the sole responsibility of, and subject to the sole discretion of, the individual or entity responsible for managing and receiving the Donation Subscription (e.g., the applicable Campaign Organizer or Charity), (b) individual Donation Installments may not be tax deductible, even if previous Donation Installments for the same Donation Subscription were, and the amount of each Donation Installment that is tax deductible may vary, (c) one or more specific Donation Installment may not be provided to or received by the applicable cause, charity or Campaign if such cause, charity or Campaign becomes unavailable, unable to accept Donations, or chooses to stop receiving Donations, which may occur for various reasons, such as if the cause, charity or Campaign becomes subject to an investigation or is suspended or removed from the Services by GoFundMe or (d) the amounts actually received by the applicable Campaign, Charity or cause may differ from one Donation Installment to the next (for example, if the transaction fees associated with the Donation Installment change). Your non-termination of a Donation Subscription reaffirms that GoFundMe is authorized to charge your Payment Instrument for the Donation Subscription in accordance with these terms. This does not waive our right to seek payment directly from you. Campaign Organizers, Beneficiaries or Charities Account Holds: From time to time, GoFundMe may, in its sole discretion, place a hold on a Campaign account (a "Hold"), restricting Withdrawals (defined herein), initiate a reverse ACH transfer, secure reserves, or take similar actions to protect its interests and those of its Users. Some of the reasons that we may take such actions include, but arent necessarily limited to, the following: (i) if we have reason to believe (in our sole discretion) that information provided by a Campaign Organizer is false, misleading, or fraudulent, or that funds are being used in a prohibited manner, (ii) if the funds available (as determined by GoFundMe in its sole discretion) should be provided directly to a person other than the Campaign Organizer (such as a legal beneficiary or person entitled by law to act on behalf of a Campaign Organizer), (iii) if we have reason to believe that a Campaign or Campaign Organizer has violated these Terms of Service, (iv) if GoFundMe determines that the Campaign Organizer is colluding with donors to engage in fraudulent activity, (v) if we have reason to believe (in our sole discretion) that there may be suspicious or fraudulent donation activity, or (vi) if required in order to comply with a court order, subpoena, writ, injunction, or as otherwise required under applicable laws and regulations. If you have questions about a Hold we may have placed on your Campaign account, or need information about how to resolve the Hold, please contact us at support@gofundme.com. Rewards: Reward Levels are not intended to be items available for purchase and GoFundMe does not guarantee the delivery of Reward Levels in any way. Withdrawing Donations from a Campaign: While GoFundMe strives to make Withdrawals available to you promptly, you acknowledge and agree that Withdrawals may not be available to you for use immediately, and GoFundMe does not guarantee that Withdrawals will be available to you within any specific time frame, and GoFundMe expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any delay or inability to access and use Withdrawals at any specified time, and any consequences arising from such delay or inability. You, as a Campaign Organizer, are responsible for ensuring that the information you provide to GoFundMe in order to process a Withdrawal, including your bank account information, is accurate and up to date. GoFundMe may, at any time, for any reason, without notice, and in its sole discretion, offer or issue a refund of Donation(s) with or without consulting with you, which may comprise the entire amount donated to your campaign. GoFundMe is not liable to you or to any third party for any claims, damages, costs, losses, or other consequences caused by GoFundMe issuing refunds, including, but not limited to transaction or overdraft fees. Special Notice for International Use; Export Controls Software (defined below) available in connection with the Services and the transmission of applicable data, if any, may be subject to export controls and economic sanctions laws of the United States or other jurisdictions. No Software may be downloaded from the Services or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of such export control and economic sanctions laws. Downloading or using the Software is at your sole risk. Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules and laws regarding your use of the Services, including as it concerns online conduct and acceptable content. Apple-Enabled Software Applications GoFundMe offers Software applications that are intended to be operated in connection with products made commercially available by Apple Inc. ("Apple"), among other platforms. With respect to Software that is made available for your use in connection with an Apple-branded product (such Software, "Apple-Enabled Software"), in addition to the other terms and conditions set forth in these Terms of Service, the following terms and conditions apply: GoFundMe and you acknowledge that these Terms of Service are concluded between GoFundMe and you only, and not with Apple, and that as between GoFundMe and Apple, GoFundMe, not Apple, is solely responsible for the Apple-Enabled Software and the content thereof. You may not use the Apple-Enabled Software in any manner that is in violation of or inconsistent with the Usage Rules set forth for Apple-Enabled Software in, or otherwise be in conflict with, the App Store Terms of Service. Your license to use the Apple-Enabled Software is limited to a non-transferable license to use the Apple-Enabled Software on an iOS Product that you own or control, as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the App Store Terms of Service. Apple has no obligation whatsoever to provide any maintenance or support services with respect to the Apple-Enabled Software. Apple is not responsible for any product warranties, whether express or implied by law. In the event of any failure of the Apple-Enabled Software to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the Apple-Enabled Software to you, if any; and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Apple-Enabled Software, or any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty, which will be GoFundMe's sole responsibility, to the extent it cannot be disclaimed under applicable law. GoFundMe and you acknowledge that GoFundMe, not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims of you or any third party relating to the Apple-Enabled Software or your possession and/or use of that Apple-Enabled Software, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Apple-Enabled Software fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. In the event of any third party claim that the Apple-Enabled Software or the end-user's possession and use of that Apple-Enabled Software infringes that third party's intellectual property rights, as between GoFundMe and Apple, GoFundMe, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim. You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country; (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties and (iii) you are not located in any other country or jurisdiction from which you would be barred from using the Services by applicable law. If you have any questions, complaints or claims with respect to the Apple-Enabled Software, they should be directed to GoFundMe as follows: support@gofundme.com 855 Jefferson Ave. PO Box 1329 Redwood City, CA 94063 GoFundMe and you acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple's subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms of Service with respect to the Apple-Enabled Software, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms of Service against you with respect to the Apple-Enabled Software as a third-party beneficiary thereof. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge and agree that GoFundMe enters into this clause (Apple-Enabled Software Applications) for its own benefit and on its own behalf and also as an agent for the benefit and on behalf of Apple and its subsidiaries with respect to the exercise and enforcement of all rights, benefits and remedies of Apple and its subsidiaries (but not any obligation or burden) in this clause (Apple-Enabled Software Applications) which rights, benefits and remedies shall be enforceable by GoFundMe in its own right and also as agent for and on behalf of each of Apple and its subsidiaries. GoFundMe may amend, terminate or rescind these Terms of Service without the consent of Apple or any such subsidiary. Intellectual Property Rights Services Content, Software and Trademarks: You acknowledge and agree that the Services may contain content or features ("Services Content") that are protected by copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by GoFundMe, you agree not to modify, copy, frame, scrape, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Services or the Services Content, in whole or in part, except that the foregoing does not apply to your own User Content (as defined below) that you legally upload to the Services. In connection with your use of the Services you will not engage in or use any data mining, robots, scraping or similar data gathering or extraction methods. If you are blocked by GoFundMe from accessing the Services (including by blocking your IP address), you agree not to implement any measures to circumvent such blocking (e.g., by masking your IP address or using a proxy IP address). Any use of the Services or the Services Content other than as specifically authorized herein is strictly prohibited. The technology and software underlying the Services or distributed in connection therewith are the property of GoFundMe, our affiliates and our partners (the "Software"). You agree not to copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by GoFundMe. The GoFundMe name and logos are trademarks and service marks of GoFundMe (collectively the "GoFundMe Trademarks"). Other company, product, and service names and logos used and displayed via the Services may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners, who may or may not endorse or be affiliated with or connected to GoFundMe. Nothing in these Terms of Service or the Services should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of GoFundMe Trademarks displayed on the Services, without our prior written permission in each instance. All goodwill generated from the use of GoFundMe Trademarks will inure to our exclusive benefit. Third-Party Material: Under no circumstances will GoFundMe be liable in any way for any content or materials of any third parties (including users and Campaign Organizers) or any User Content (defined below, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any such content. You acknowledge that GoFundMe does not pre-screen content, but that GoFundMe and its designees will have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse, remove, or allow any content that is available via the Services at any time and for any reason, with or without notice, and without any liability to you or to any third party for any claims, damages, costs or losses resulting therefrom. User Content Transmitted Through the Services: With respect to the content, photos, videos, images, trademarks, logos, brands or other materials you upload or post through the Services or share with other users or recipients (collectively, "User Content"), you represent and warrant that you own all right, title and interest in and to, or otherwise have all necessary rights and consents to (and to allow others to) fully exploit, such User Content, including, without limitation, as it concerns all copyrights, trademark rights and rights of publicity or privacy related thereto. By uploading, sharing, providing, or otherwise making available any User Content, or any portion thereof, in connection with the Services, you hereby grant and will grant GoFundMe and its affiliated companies and users a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty free, fully paid up, transferable, sublicensable, perpetual, irrevocable license to copy, display, upload, perform, distribute, store, modify and otherwise use your User Content in connection with the operation of the Services or the promotion, advertising or marketing thereof, in any form, medium or technology now known or later developed. Without limiting the foregoing, if any User Content contains your name, image or likeness, you hereby release and hold harmless GoFundMe and its contractors and employees, from (i) all claims for invasion of privacy, publicity or libel, (ii) any liability or other claims by virtue of any blurring, distortion, alteration, optical illusion, or other use or exploitation of your name, image or likeness, and (iii) any liability for claims made by you (or any successor to any claim you might bring) in connection with your User Content, name, image or likeness. You waive any right to inspect or approve any intermediary version(s) or finished version(s) of the results of the use of your User Content (including your name, image or likeness). Further, if any person (other than you) appears in your User Content, you represent and warrant that you have secured all necessary licenses, waivers and releases from such person(s) for the benefit of GoFundMe in a manner fully consistent with the licenses, waivers and releases set forth above. You further acknowledge that your participation in the Services and submission of User Content is voluntary and that you will not receive financial compensation of any type associated with the licenses, waivers, and releases set forth herein (or GoFundMe's exploitation thereof), and that the sole consideration for subject matter of this agreement is the opportunity to use the Services. We do not guarantee that any Services Content will be made available through the Services. We reserve the right to, but do not have any obligation to, (i) remove, edit or modify any Services Content or User Content, in our sole discretion, at any time, without notice to you and for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Services Content or User Content, or if we are concerned that you may have violated these Terms of Service), or for no reason at all and (ii) to remove or block any Services Content or User Content from the Services. You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback or other information about the Services ("Submissions"), provided by you to GoFundMe are non-confidential and GoFundMe will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. You acknowledge and agree that GoFundMe may preserve content and may also disclose content if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with legal process, applicable laws or government requests; (b) enforce these Terms of Service; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of GoFundMe, its users or the public. Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard: The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) is a set of industry-mandated requirements for any business that handles, processes, or stores credit cards. The primary purpose of the standards is to maintain controls around cardholder data to reduce credit card fraud. As a service provider, GoFundMe is PCI DSS compliant and will maintain all applicable PCI DSS requirements to the extent that we possess or otherwise store, process, or transmit cardholder data on behalf of you, or to the extent that we can in any way impact the security of your cardholder data environment. Copyright Complaints: GoFundMe respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, you should notify GoFundMe of your infringement claim in accordance with the procedure set forth below. GoFundMe will process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other applicable intellectual property laws with respect to any alleged or actual infringement. A notification of claimed copyright infringement should be emailed to GoFundMe's Copyright Agent at support@gofundme.com (Subject line: "DMCA Takedown Request"). You may also contact us by mail or facsimile at: GoFundMe Copyright Agent: GoFundMe, Inc. Attn: Legal 855 Jefferson Ave. PO Box 1329 Redwood City, CA 94063 To be effective, the notification must be in writing and contain the following information: an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest; a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Services, with enough detail that we may find it on the Services; your address, telephone number, and email address; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf. Counter-Notice: If you believe that your User Content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or pursuant to the law, to upload and use the content in your User Content, you may send a written counter-notice containing the following information to the above-listed Copyright Agent: your physical or electronic signature; identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled; a statement that you have a good-faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the content; and your name, address, telephone number, and email address, and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement. If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent, GoFundMe will send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party, informing that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or user, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at our sole discretion. Repeat Infringer Policy: In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, GoFundMe has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at GoFundMe's sole discretion, users who are deemed to be repeat infringers. GoFundMe may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Services and/or terminate the memberships of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement. Third Party Websites/Services The Services or third parties may provide or facilitate links, tools, widgets or other features that allow you to access other sites, services and resources provided by third parties (collectively, Third Party Resources). GoFundMe has no control over such Third Party Resources or any products, services or content made available through or by such Third Party Resources, or the business practices of the third parties providing such Third Party Resources, and GoFundMe is not responsible for and does not endorse such Third Party Resources or the products, services or content made available thereby. You acknowledge that GoFundMe is not responsible or liable for the content, functions, accuracy, legality, appropriateness or any other aspect of such Third Party Resources. You further acknowledge and agree that GoFundMe will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any content, events, goods or services available on or through any such Third Party Resources. Any dealings you have with third parties found while using the Services are between you and the third party and may be subject to additional terms provided by the third party, which you agree to by using such Third Party Resources, and you agree that GoFundMe is not liable for any loss or claim that you may have against any such third party. Indemnity and Release You agree to release, indemnify on demand and hold GoFundMe and its affiliates and their officers, employees, directors and agents harmless from any and all losses, damages, expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, costs, awards, fines, damages, rights, claims, actions of any kind and injury (including death) arising out of or relating to your use of the Services, any Donation or Campaign, any User Content, your connection to the Services, your violation of these Terms of Service or your violation of any rights of another. You agree that GoFundMe has the right to conduct its own defense of any claims at its own discretion, and that you will indemnify GoFundMe for the costs of its defense (including, but not limited to attorneys fees.) If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, and that if known by him or her would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party." If you are a resident of another jurisdictionin or outside of the United Statesyou waive any comparable statute or doctrine. Disclaimer of Warranties YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. GOFUNDME AND ITS AFFILIATES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM AND EXCLUDE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS AND REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. GOFUNDME AND ITS AFFILIATES MAKE NO WARRANTY OR CONDITION THAT (I) THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (II) THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (III) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, OR (IV) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS. Limitation of Liability YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER GOFUNDME NOR ITS AFFILIATES WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY (A) INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, (B) DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, (C) DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, (D) DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, (E) LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA, OR (F) OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF GOFUNDME HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, RESULTING FROM (I) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES; (II) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICES; (III) ANY PROMOTIONS AND RELATED PRIZES OR REWARDS MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES; (IV) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (V) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICES; OR (VI) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICES. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL GOFUNDME'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES (INCLUDING CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STATUTORY LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE) OR CAUSES OF ACTION EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID GOFUNDME IN THE LAST SIX (6) MONTHS, OR, IF GREATER, ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100). SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICES OR WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SERVICES. DISPUTES ARBITRATION CLAUSE &amp; CLASS ACTION WAIVER  IMPORTANT  PLEASE REVIEW AS THIS AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS Arbitration; Class Action Waiver. YOU AGREE THAT ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US OR ANY OF OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS OR EMPLOYEES ACTING IN THEIR CAPACITY AS SUCH (WHETHER OR NOT SUCH DISPUTE INVOLVES A THIRD PARTY) WITH REGARD TO YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH US, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DISPUTES RELATED TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, AND/OR RIGHTS OF PRIVACY AND/OR PUBLICITY, WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND YOU AND WE HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY. DISCOVERY AND RIGHTS TO APPEAL IN ARBITRATION ARE GENERALLY MORE LIMITED THAN IN A LAWSUIT, AND OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU AND WE WOULD HAVE IN COURT MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND WE ARE EACH WAIVING OUR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in these Terms of Service will be deemed to waive, preclude, or otherwise limit the right of either of us to (a) bring an individual action in small claims court; (b) pursue an enforcement action through the applicable federal, state, or local agency if that action is available; (c) seek injunctive relief in a court of law; or (d) file suit in a court of law to address an intellectual property infringement claim. The Process. Any arbitration between you and us will be settled under the Federal Arbitration Act and administered by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its Consumer Arbitration Rules (collectively, AAA Rules) as modified by these Terms of Service. The AAA Rules and filing forms are available online at www.adr.org by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879. A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send a written notice of the dispute to the other party by certified U.S. Mail or by Federal Express (signature required) or, only if that other party has not provided a current physical address, then by electronic mail (Notice of Arbitration). Our current address for Notice is: GoFundMe, Inc. 855 Jefferson Avenue, PO Box 1329, Redwood City, CA 94063. The Notice of Arbitration must: (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (b) set forth the specific relief sought (Demand). We agree to work with you and make a good faith effort to resolve the claim directly, but if we arent successful within 60 days after the Notice of Arbitration is received, you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding. All arbitration proceedings between the parties will be confidential unless otherwise agreed by the parties in writing. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by either of us must not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator makes a final decision and award, if any. If the arbitrator awards you an amount which exceeds the last written settlement amount offered by us in settlement of the dispute prior to the award, we will pay to you the higher of: (i) the amount awarded by the arbitrator; or (ii) $10,000.00. Fees. If you commence arbitration in accordance with these Terms of Service, we will reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee unless your claim is for more than $10,000 in which case the payment of any fees will be decided by the AAA Rules. Any arbitration hearing will take place at an agreed upon location in San Francisco, California, but if the claim is for $10,000 or less, you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted: (a) solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator; (b) through a telephone hearing or (c) by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules in the county of your billing address. If the arbitration finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in the Demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in the Federal Rule of Civil procedure 11(b), then the payment of all fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. In that case, you agree to reimburse us for all monies previously disbursed by us that are otherwise your obligation to pay under the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator must issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision and award, if any, are based. The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees or expenses at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrators ruling on the merits. No Class Actions. YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS TO THE FULLEST EXTENT LEGALLY PERMISSIBLE AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one persons claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. Modifications to this Arbitration Provision. If we make any future change to this arbitration provision, other than a change to our address for Notice of Arbitration, you may reject the change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to our address for Notice of Arbitration, in which case your account with us will be immediately terminated and this arbitration provision, as in effect immediately prior to the changes you rejected will survive. Enforceability. If this Disputes section is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Disputes section will be null and void and, in that case, the parties agree that the exclusive jurisdiction and venue described in the General section below will govern any action arising out of or related to these Terms of Service. Confidentiality. We each agree to keep the arbitration proceedings, all information exchanged between us, and any settlement offers confidential, unless otherwise required by law or requested by law enforcement or any court or governmental body. However, we may each disclose these matters, in confidence, to our respective accountants, auditors, and insurance providers. Termination You agree that GoFundMe, in its sole discretion, may suspend or terminate your account (or any part thereof) or your access to the Services and remove and discard any content or data at any time and for any reason, with or without notice, and without any liability to you or to any third party for any claims, damages, costs or losses resulting therefrom. User Disputes You agree that you are solely responsible for your interactions with any other user in connection with the Services and GoFundMe will have no liability or responsibility with respect thereto. GoFundMe reserves the right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with disputes between you and any other user of the Services. General These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between you and GoFundMe and govern your use of the Services, superseding any prior agreements between you and GoFundMe with respect to the Services. You also may be subject to additional terms of service that may apply when you use affiliate or third-party services, third-party content or third-party software. These Terms of Service will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. With respect to any disputes or claims not subject to arbitration, as set forth above, you and GoFundMe agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within San Mateo County, California. The failure of GoFundMe to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms of Service is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be (or are otherwise) invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms of Service remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Services or these Terms of Service must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form will be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. You may not assign these Terms of Service without the prior written consent of GoFundMe, but GoFundMe may assign or transfer these Terms of Service, in whole or in part, without restriction. If we fail to enforce any of our rights, that does not result in a waiver of that right. The section titles in these Terms of Service are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Notices to you may be made via either email or regular mail. The Services may also provide notices to you of changes to these Terms of Service or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices generally on the Platform. Privacy Policy At GoFundMe, we respect the privacy of our users. For details please see our Privacy Policy. By using the Services, you consent to our collection and use of personal data as outlined therein. If you are in Europe, by using the Services, you acknowledge GoFundMe's collection and use of personal information as described in the Privacy Policy. Questions? Concerns? Suggestions? Please contact us at support@gofundme.com to report any violations of these Terms of Service or to pose any questions regarding these Terms of Service or the Services. 