 User Agreement Valid as of August 14, 2012 This User Agreement (agreement) is a contract between you and Venmo and applies to your use of Venmos Services. You must read, agree with and accept all of the terms and conditions contained in this agreement. We may amend this agreement at any time by posting a revised version on our website. The revised version will be effective at the time we post it. 1. OUR RELATIONSHIP WITH YOU 1.1 - Venmo is only a Payment Service Provider. Venmo helps you make payments to and accept payments from third parties. Venmo acts as an independent contractor for all purposes, except that Venmo acts as your agent only with respect to the custody of your funds. Venmo, Inc. is required by law to post disclosures for certain jurisdictions as defined in Money Transmitter Licenses and Agent Disclosures . Note that services are regulated in other jurisdictions and are not limited to the states listed below. Venmo does not have control of or liability for the products or services that are paid for with our Service. We do not guarantee the identity of any User or ensure that a buyer or a seller will complete a transaction. 1.2 - Your Privacy. Protecting your privacy is very important to Venmo. Please review our privacy policy in order to better understand our commitment to maintaining your privacy, as well as our use and disclosure of your information. 1.3 - Privacy of Others. If you receive Information about another Venmo user through the service, you must keep the information confidential and only use it in connection with the service. You may not disclose or distribute a Venmo users information to a third party or use the information for marketing purposes unless you receive the users express consent to do so. 1.4 - Intellectual Property. Venmo.com, Venmo, and all related logos, products and services described in our website are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Venmo or its licensors. You may not copy, imitate or use them without Venmos prior written consent. In addition, all page headers, custom graphics, button icons, and scripts are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress of Venmo. You may not copy, imitate, or use them without our prior written consent. You may use HTML logos provided by Venmo through our vendor services, sms tools, promotional tools or affiliate programs without prior written consent for the purpose of directing web and sms traffic to the service. You may not alter, modify or change these HTML logos in any way, use them in a manner that is disparaging to Venmo or the Service or display them in any manner that implies Venmos sponsorship or endorsement. All right, title and interest in and to the Venmo website and any content thereon is the exclusive property of Venmo and its licensors. 1.5 - Assignment. You may not transfer or assign any rights or obligations you have under this agreement without Venmos prior written consent. Venmo reserves the right to transfer or assign this agreement or any right or obligation under this agreement at any time. 1.6 - Notices to You. You agree that Venmo may provide notice to you by posting it on our website (including but not limited to the Money Transmitter Licenses and Agent Disclosures , Privacy Policy and Security Statement ), emailing it to the email address listed in your Account or mailing it to the street address listed in your Account. Such notice shall be considered to be received by you within 24 hours of the time it is posted to our website or emailed to you unless we receive notice that the email was not delivered. If the notice is sent by mail, we will consider it to have been received by you three Business Days after it is sent. 1.7 - Notices to Venmo. Notice to Venmo must be sent by postal mail to: Venmo, Inc., Attention: Legal Department, 289 7th Ave, New York City, NY 10001. 1.8 - Transaction History. You may view your transaction history by logging into your Venmo account and looking at your account history. You agree to review your transactions through your account history instead of receiving periodic statements by mail. 1.9 - Calls to You. By Providing Venmo a telephone number (including a wireless/cellular telephone), you consent to receiving autodialed and prerecorded message calls from Venmo at that number should the need arise. However, we will never call you for promotional purposes. 2. ELIGIBILITY AND TYPES OF ACCOUNTS 2.1 - Eligibility. To be eligible for our services, you must create an account with an email address and cellular/wireless telephone number that you own. 2.2 - Types of Accounts. We offer two types of accounts on Venmo: personal and business. You may have one personal account and one business account for every business you are involved with. 2.3 - Identity Authentication. You authorize Venmo directly or through third parties, to make any inquiries we consider necessary to validate your identity. This may include asking you for further information, requiring you to take steps to confirm ownership of your email address, wireless/cellular telephone number or financial instruments, ordering a credit report and verifying your information against third party databases or through other sources. This process is for internal verification purposes and your information will not be shared. 2.4 - Credit Report Authorization for Business Accounts. If you open a Business Account, you are providing Venmo with your written instructions to obtain your personal and/or business credit report from a credit bureau. Venmo may obtain your credit report: (a) when you open (or upgrade to) a business account, or (b) any time thereafter if Venmo reasonably believes there may be an increased level of risk associated with your account. An increased level of risk includes, but is not limited to, a high number of chargebacks or reversals, a negative Venmo business rating from Venmo users, or suspicious activity associated with your account. 3. SENDING MONEY 3.1 - Sending Limits. We may, at our discretion, impose limits on the amount of money you can send through our service. If you have a verified account, we may increase your sending limits. 3.2 - Default Payment Sources. When you make a payment on Venmo, we first see if your Venmo balance can cover the transaction. You can also fund payments with a bank account, debit card or credit card, designating one of these to be your primary funding source. If there is not enough available in your Venmo balance to cover the transaction we use your designated primary funding source to make the payment. We always use your Venmo balance first. If you dont want to use your balance, you can withdraw it before making a payment. 3.4 - Payment Source Limitations. In order to manage risk, Venmo may limit the payment sources available for any particular transaction. In such a case, you may choose to continue with the transaction with the understanding that you may have fewer avenues available for dispute resolution should the transaction turn out to be unsatisfactory. 3.5 - Bank Transfers. When Instant Transfer or eCheck is used as your payment source, or when you initiate an add funds transaction, you are requesting an electronic transfer from your bank account. For these transactions, Venmo will make electronic transfers via ACH from your bank account in the amount you specify. You agree that such requests constitute your authorization to Venmo to make the transfers, and once you have provided your authorization for the transfer, you will not be able cancel the electronic transfer. You give Venmo the right to resubmit any ACH debit you authorized that is returned for insufficient or uncollected funds. 3.6 - Refused and Refunded Transactions. When you send money, the recipient is not required to accept it. You agree that you will not hold Venmo liable for any damages resulting from a recipients decision not to accept a payment made through the service. We will return any unclaimed, refunded or denied payment within 30 Days of the date you initiate payment. If a payment is unclaimed, denied or refunded for any reason, we will return the money to your Balance or to the original payment source. 3.7 - Merchant Processing Delay. When you send a payment to certain merchants, you are providing an Authorization to the merchant to process your payment and complete the transaction. The payment will be held as pending until the merchant processes your payment. Some merchants may delay processing your payment. In such an instance, your authorization will remain valid for up to 30 Days. 3.8 - Recurring Payments. A Recurring Payment is a payment in which you authorize a merchant to directly charge your Venmo account on a one-time, regular, or sporadic basis. An example of a recurring payment is signing up for a service where you agree to allow a vendor to directly charge your Venmo account each month for a particular service you have purchased. recurring payments are sometimes called subscriptions, pre-approved payments, or automatic payments. 3.9 - Canceling Recurring Payments. You may cancel a recurring payment at any time up to 3 business days prior to the date the payment is scheduled to be made. Please keep in mind that recurring payments are sometimes referred to as subscriptions or pre-approved payments. In addition, if you cancel a recurring payment you may still be liable to the vendor for the payment and be required to pay the vendor through alternative means. 3.10 - Venmo SMS Pay. Venmo SMS Pay is a Service that allows you to send and receive payments through your mobile phone via SMS. Venmo SMS Pay is not available in all countries. If you use Venmo SMS pay you are responsible for any fees that your phone service provider charges for SMS, data services, etc. Your phone service provider is not the provider of the Venmo services. 3.11 - Debit Card Processing. Venmo will process your debit card funded transactions through either the ATM debit network or the Visa/MasterCard network. 3.12 - Credit Card Information. If your credit card account number changes or your credit card expiration date changes, we may acquire that information from our financial services partner and update your account. 4. RECEIVING MONEY 4.1 - Personal Account Receiving Limit. There is no monthly receiving limit. 4.2 - Transaction Fees for Receiving Money. There are no transaction fees to receive money on Venmo. 4.3 - Payment Investigation. Payment investigation is a process by which Venmo reviews certain potentially high-risk transactions. If a payment is subject to payment investigation, Venmo will place a hold on the payment and provide notice to the seller to delay item fulfilment (if applicable). Venmo will conduct a review and either clear or cancel the payment. If the payment is cleared, Venmo will provide notice to the seller. Otherwise, Venmo will cancel the payment and the funds will be returned to the buyer. Venmo will provide notices to you by email and/or in the Transaction History tab of your Venmo account. 4.4 - Risk of Reversals, Chargebacks and Claims. When you receive a payment, you are liable to Venmo for the full amount of the payment plus any fees if the payment is later invalidated for any reason. This means that, in addition to any other liability, you will be responsible for the amount of the payment, plus the applicable fees listed in section 8 of this agreement if you lose a claim or a chargeback, or if there is a reversal of the payment. You agree to allow Venmo to recover any amounts due to Venmo by debiting your balance. If there are insufficient funds in your balance to cover your liability, you agree to reimburse Venmo through other means. If a sender of a payment files a chargeback, the credit card issuer, not Venmo, will determine who wins the chargeback. 4.5 - Taxes. It is your responsibility to determine what, if any, taxes apply to the payments you make or receive, and it is your responsibility to collect, report and remit the correct tax to the appropriate tax authority. Venmo is not responsible for determining whether taxes apply to your transaction, or for collecting, reporting or remitting any taxes arising from any transaction. 4.6 - Your Refund Policy and Privacy Policy. We recommend that if you are selling goods or services you have a published return policy and a published privacy policy on your website. 5. ACCOUNT BALANCES 5.1 - Balances. You do not need to maintain a balance in your account in order to make payments. If you do hold a balance, Venmo will hold your funds separate from its corporate funds, will not use your funds for its operating expenses or any other corporate purposes and will not voluntarily make your funds available to its creditors in the event of bankruptcy. While your funds are in our custody, Venmo will combine your funds with the funds of other users and place those pooled accounts in one or more bank accounts in Venmos name. Balances in U.S. dollars that are held in pooled accounts may be eligible for FDIC pass-through insurance. 5.2 - Assignment of Interest to Venmo. You agree that you will not receive interest or other earnings on the funds that Venmo handles as your agent and places in pooled accounts. In consideration for your use of the service, you irrevocably transfer and assign to Venmo any ownership right that you may have in any interest that may accrue on funds held in pooled accounts. This assignment applies only to interest earned on your funds, and nothing in this agreement grants Venmo any ownership right to the principal of the funds you maintain with Venmo. In addition to or instead of earning interest on pooled accounts, Venmo may receive a reduction in fees or expenses charged for banking services by the banks that hold your funds. 5.3 - Negative Balances and Multiple Currencies. If the balance in your account is negative for any reason, Venmo may set off the negative balance by deducting amounts you owe Venmo from money you receive into your account, or money you attempt to withdraw or send from your account. 5.4 - Setoff of Past Due Amounts. If you have a past due amount to Venmo, Venmo may debit your account to pay any amounts that are more than 15 days past due. 5.5 - Security Interest. To secure your performance of this agreement, you grant to Venmo a lien on and security interest in your Account. 6. WITHDRAWING MONEY 6.1 - How to Withdraw Money. You may withdraw funds by electronically transferring them to your bank account. 6.2 - Withdrawal Limits. Depending on the degree to which you have verified your account, we may limit you to withdrawing no more than $500.00 USD per month. In addition, we may delay withdrawals of large sums of money while we screen for risk. 7. CLOSING YOUR ACCOUNT 7.1 - How to Close Your Account. You may close your Account at any time by logging in to your account, clicking on the Account Settings tab, clicking on the Close Account link, and then following the instructions. Upon account closure, we will cancel any pending transactions and you agree to forfeit any outstanding balance, unless otherwise legally prohibited. You must withdraw your balance prior to closing your account. 7.2 - Limitations on Closing Your Account. You may not close your account to evade an investigation. If you attempt to close your account while we are conducting an investigation, we may hold your funds for up to 180 Days to protect Venmo or a third party against the risk of reversals, chargebacks, claims, fees, fines, penalties and other liability. You will remain liable for all obligations related to your account even after the account is closed. 8. FEES The fees for sending and receiving money are broken up by the different type of account type. 8.1 Fees for Sending and Receiving Money. Venmo is completely free to use among friends when transactions are funded by a bank account or Venmo balance. Venmo may charge a 3% per transaction fee for credit card transactions. Businesses that use Venmo to sell goods or services may incur a flat 3.5% per transaction fee. 9. RESTRICTED ACTIVITIES 9.1 - Restricted Activities. In connection with your use of our website, your account, or the services, or in the course of your interactions with Venmo, a user or a third party, you will not: breach this Agreement, the card processing agreement, the acceptable Use Policy or any other agreement that you have entered into with Venmo (including a policy); violate any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation (for example, those governing financial services, consumer protections, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising); infringe Venmos or any third partys copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy; use Venmo to sell counterfeit goods; act in a manner that is defamatory, trade libelous, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing; provide false, inaccurate or misleading Information; send or receive what we reasonably believe to be potentially fraudulent funds; refuse to cooperate in an investigation or provide confirmation of your identity or any Information you provide to us; attempt to double dip during the course of a dispute by receiving or attempting to receive funds from both Venmo and the seller, bank, or credit card issuer for the same transaction; use an anonymizing proxy; control an account that is linked to another account that has engaged in any of these restricted activities; Conduct your business or use the services in a manner that results in or may result in complaints, disputes, claims, reversals, chargebacks, fees, fines, penalties and other liability to Venmo, a user, a third party or you; have a credit score from a credit reporting agency that indicates a high level of risk associated with your use of the services; use your account or the services in a manner that Venmo, Visa, MasterCard, American Express or Discover reasonably believe to be an abuse of the credit card system or a violation of credit card association rules; allow your Account to have a negative balance; provide yourself a cash advance from your credit card (or help others to do so); disclose or distribute another Users Information to a third party, or use the information for marketing purposes unless you receive the users express consent to do so; send unsolicited email to a user or use the services to collect payments for sending, or assisting in sending, unsolicited email to third parties; take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; facilitate any viruses, Trojan horses, worms or other computer programming routines that may damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or information; use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our website without our prior written permission; use any device, software or routine to bypass our robot exclusion headers, or interfere or attempt to interfere, with our website or the services; take any action that may cause us to lose any of the services from our internet service providers, payment processors, or other suppliers; use the Service to test credit card behaviors. 10. YOUR LIABILITY - ACTIONS WE MAY TAKE 10.1 - Your Liability You are responsible for all reversals, chargebacks, claims, fees, fines, penalties and other liability incurred by Venmo, a Venmo user, or a third party caused by or arising out of your breach of this agreement, and/or your use of the services. You agree to reimburse Venmo, a User, or a third party for any and all such liability. 10.2 - Actions by Venmo. If we have reason to believe that you have engaged in any restricted activities, we may take various actions to protect Venmo, a User, a third party, or you from reversals, chargebacks, claims, fees, fines, penalties and any other liability. The actions we may take include but are not limited to the following: We may close, suspend, or limit your access to your account or the services (such as limiting access to any of your payment sources, and your ability to send money, make withdrawals, or remove financial information); we may contact buyers who have purchased goods or services from you, contact your bank or credit card issuer, and warn other Users, law enforcement, or impacted third parties of your actions; we may update inaccurate Information you provided us; we may refuse to provide our Services to you in the future; we may hold your funds for up to 180 Days if reasonably needed to protect against the risk of liability; and we may take legal action against you. Venmo, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to terminate this Agreement, access to its website, or access to the Service for any reason and at any time upon notice to you and payment to you of any unrestricted funds held in custody for you. 10.3 - Account Closure, Termination of Service, or Limited Account Access. If we close your account or terminate your use of our Services for any reason, we will provide you with notice of our actions. If we limit access to your account, we will provide you with notice of our actions and the opportunity to request restoration of access if appropriate. 10.4 - Item Hold. Venmo, in its sole discretion, may place a hold on a payment you receive for a transaction when Venmo believes there may be a high level of risk associated with the transaction. If Venmo places a hold on your payment, it will show as pending in your Venmo Account. 10.4a - Release of Item Hold. Venmo will release the item hold after 21 days unless you receive a Dispute, claim, chargeback, or reversal on the transaction subject to the hold. Venmo may release the hold earlier if either of the following applies: The buyer leaves positive feedback, or (ii) Venmo can confirm delivery. 10.4b - Additional hold period. If you receive a dispute, claim, chargeback, or reversal on the transaction subject to the item hold, Venmo may hold the payment in your account until the matter is resolved pursuant to this agreement. 10.5 - Reserves for Business Accounts. Venmo, in its sole discretion, may place a reserve on funds held in your business account when Venmo believes there may be a high level of risk associated with your Account. If Venmo places a reserve on funds in your account, they will be shown as pending in your Venmo balance. If your Account is subject to a reserve, Venmo will provide you with notice specifying the terms of the reserve. The terms may require that a certain percentage of the amounts received into your account are held for a certain period of time, or that a certain amount of money is held in reserve, or anything else that Venmo determines is necessary to protect against the risk associated with your account. Venmo may change the terms of the reserve at any time by providing you with notice of the new terms. 10.6 - Acceptable Use Policy Violation - User Fines. If you violate the acceptable use policy then we may hold your funds up to 180 Days, fine you up to $2,500.00 USD for each such violation and take legal action against you to recover additional losses we incur. You acknowledge and agree that a fine up to $2,500.00 USD is presently a reasonable minimum estimate of Venmos damages, considering all currently existing circumstances, including the relationship of the sum to the range of harm to Venmo that reasonably could be anticipated and the anticipation that proof of actual damages may be impractical or extremely difficult. Venmo may deduct such fines directly from any existing balance in the offending account, or any other Venmo account you control. 11. DISPUTES WITH VENMO 11.1 - Dispute with Venmo. If a dispute arises between you and Venmo, our goal is to learn about and address your concerns and, if we are unable to do so to your satisfaction, to provide you with a neutral and cost effective means of resolving the dispute quickly. Disputes between you and Venmo regarding our services may be reported by emailing us. 11.2 - Arbitration. For any claim (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) where the total amount of the award sought is less than $10,000.00 USD, the party requesting relief may elect to resolve the dispute in a cost effective manner through binding non-appearance-based arbitration. If a party elects arbitration, that party will initiate such arbitration through an established alternative dispute resolution (ADR) provider mutually agreed upon by the parties. The ADR provider and the parties must comply with the following rules: a) the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or be solely based on written submissions, the specific manner shall be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration; b) the arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties; and c) any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. 11.3 - Law and Forum for Disputes. Except as otherwise agreed by the parties or as described in section 11.2 above, you agree that any claim or dispute you may have against Venmo must be resolved by a court located in New York City, New York. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within New York City, New York for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes. This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law provisions. 11.4 - No Waiver. Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. 11.5 - Limitations of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL WE, EMPLOYEES OR OUR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR LOST PROFITS OR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OUR WEB SITE, OUR SERVICE, OR THIS AGREEMENT (HOWEVER ARISING, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE). Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. OUR LIABILITY, AND THE LIABILITY OF OUR EMPLOYEES AND SUPPLIERS, TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTIES IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCE IS LIMITED TO THE ACTUAL AMOUNT OF DIRECT DAMAGES. 11.6 - No Warranty. VENMO, EMPLOYEES AND OUR SUPPLIERS PROVIDE OUR SERVICES AS IS AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY. VENMO, EMPLOYEES AND OUR SUPPLIERS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Venmo does not have any control over the products or services that are paid for with our service and Venmo cannot ensure that a buyer or a seller you are dealing with will actually complete the transaction or is authorized to do so. Venmo does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to any part of our service, and operation of our site may be interfered with by numerous factors outside of our control. Venmo will make reasonable efforts to ensure that requests for electronic debits and credits involving bank accounts, credit cards, and check issuances are processed in a timely manner but Venmo makes no representations or warranties regarding the amount of time needed to complete processing because our Service is dependent upon many factors outside of our control, such as delays in the banking system or the U.S. or international mail service. Some states do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, so the foregoing disclaimers may not apply to you. This paragraph gives you specific legal rights and you may also have other legal rights that vary from state to state. 11.7 - Venmo Storefront. Venmo storefront is part of the Venmo website that features vendors offers and enables product search. Venmo does not warrant that product descriptions, pricing, search results, user ratings and reviews or any other content on Venmo storefront is accurate, complete, reliable or current. Venmo storefront is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute an endorsement by Venmo of any product, service or vendor. 11.8 - License Grant. Venmo and its licensors grant you a limited nonexclusive license to use Venmos software in accordance with the documentation, including all updates, upgrades, new versions and replacement software, as described herein for your personal use only. You may not rent, lease or otherwise transfer your rights in the software to a third party. You must comply with the implementation and use requirements contained in all Venmo documentation accompanying the services. If you do not comply with Venmos implementation and use requirements you will be liable for all resulting damages suffered by you, Venmo and third parties. You agree not to alter, reproduce, adapt, distribute, display, publish, reverse engineer, translate, disassemble, decompile or otherwise attempt to create any source code which is derived from the software. You acknowledge that all rights, title and interest to Venmos software are owned by Venmo. 11.9 - Indemnification. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Venmo, its parent, officers, directors and employees harmless from any claim or demand (including attorneys fees) made or incurred by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of this Agreement and/or your use of the Services. 11.10 - Assumption of Rights. If Venmo pays out a claim, reversal or chargeback that you file against a recipient of your payment, you agree that Venmo assumes your rights against the recipient and third parties related to the payment, and may pursue those rights directly or on your behalf, in Venmos discretion. 11.11 - Release of Venmo. If you have a dispute with one or more Users, you release Venmo (and our officers, directors, agents, joint ventures and employees) from any and all Claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. HOW TO CONTACT US If you have questions or concerns regarding this user agreement, or any feedback that you would like us to consider, please email us at legal+useragreement@venmo.com or click here . You may also write to us at Venmo, Attn: User Agreement Department, 289 7th Ave., Floor 4, New York, NY 10001. 